Chapter I Hetu Luoshu
The sky is clear and cloudless. It's a fine day.
Whiz!
All of a sudden, at a height beyond the reach of ordinary people's eyes, a mirage came from afar at the speed of lightning.
The phantom gradually approached, but I saw the phantom clearly - it turned out to be a middle-aged man with a somewhat awkward figure.
Yes, this is a monk. If there is a man of cultivation here, you can see his identity from his clothes.
The friar of Xutian sect, one of the top ten sects in the world of cultivation.
Xu Tianzong is one of the top ten sects in the cultivation world. It seems that the middle-aged man is being chased and killed! Who dare to pursue and kill the friars of Xutian sect?
Shua!
Not far behind the middle-aged man, a red light flied across the sky and came at a terrifying speed. It will not be long before we catch up with the middle-aged man of Xu Tianzong.
"Bergen, don't push people too hard!" Xu Tianzong's middle-aged man took a look at Bergen, who was quickly catching up with him, and a look of despair flashed across his face.
Bergen, one of the top ten sects in the world of cultivation, is a talented and powerful man of Tianyan sect. At a young age, we have reached the state of integration, which is the existence of genius level.
"A
However, the blazing eyes in his eyes betrayed him completely.
Hetuoluoshu!
It is called the first wonder book in the world. Its origin is extremely mysterious. It is said that if it can be fully penetrated, it is only a small matter to be able to understand the mysteries of the universe, rise in the sky and become a God. What's more, they can even control the universe and smile.
However, hetuoluo books have always only appeared in the fairyland Every time in the fairyland, there will be a bloodbath. At this moment, how can it appear in the cultivation world?
And still on a monk who only has the realm of fitness?
"Bergen, you're a liar! Hetu Luoshu is my Amory's property, and it's my empty heaven clan's property. How dare you openly rob my things? Do you want to provoke the war between the virtual heaven sect and the Tianyan sect? "
Amory increases the ultimate strength and flies towards the direction of virtual heaven sect at the fastest speed.
Although both of them are in the realm of integration. But he is not Bergen's opponent at all. He is just in the early stage of integration, but Bergen is in the late stage of integration. With Bergen's strength, you can easily kill him.
The reason why
Mory, you are seriously injured now. You are not my opponent at all. You can't escape. You'd better hand in the Hetu Luoshu. I'll spare your life. " Bergen came quickly, with a cold expression.
It was not killed because of the unparalleled speed of Amory. Otherwise, he would have been killed, and hetuloshu would have been robbed.
Smell words, Bergen eyebrows slightly wrinkled. Xu Tianzong and Tian Yanzong are both one of the top ten sects in the field of cultivation. They have always made good friends with each other, even though they are superficial.
However, if this is the case, the virtual heaven sect will fight with the Tian Yan sect! Even the whole world of cultivation will turn bloody.
"Amory, don't use the empty sky to oppress me. As long as I kill you today, who knows that I killed you? And hetuoluo books are naturally mine. If I can see through the mysteries of Hetu Luoshu, what can I do for even the virtual heaven sect? " Bergen smiled with a ferocious smile.
Amory's words made him afraid. Once it gets out, Bergen's situation becomes extremely dangerous. But the more so, the more motivated his killing heart.
"Bergen, you dare to kill me! Xu Tianzong will never let you go. " Amory was furious. But, it is because of this and affected the body injury. Endless pain into the brain, but let his speed slightly stagnated.
Taking this opportunity, Bergen accelerates abruptly and has already bullied behind Amory.
Boom!
A red force erupted from Bergen, earth shaking, carrying
With the power of terror, he killed Amory severely.
Along with a big drink, Amory gave out a big blow. Thirty horned dragons have become a huge and incomparable power. They roar and hang to Bergen.
Seeing this, Bergen sneered: "the power of thirty horned dragons? It's almost indestructible. "
As he spoke, Bergen's body was ablaze with red light, and the breath of terror erupted from him. After a startling dragon chant, there were 35 horned dragons above his head.
"Die."
Bergen gave a grimace and a quick punch. Thirty five horned dragons converged into a red torrent, directly killing Amory.
Boom!
After the big bang, the two forces collided rapidly. However, there is no great difference in the result How could Amory's thirty horned dragons be Bergen's thirty five?
The power of Amory's bombardment is directly ripped into powder. Then Bergen's terrifying power went straight to Amory.
Puff...
Amory is surprised, roars, turns around immediately, and increases his strength to the limit Boom. In an instant, there were thirty faint shadows of a Horned Dragon above his head.
Amory
At best or not, he is also an expert in the realm of fitness. His body is extremely strong. Being bombarded by the power of the thirty-five Horned Dragon, he didn't kill it immediately.
"Amory, die."
Bergen, with a ferocious smile and a flash of body shape, has already caught up with him. The power of thirty-five horned dragons came out again.
It's just that Amory is not easy to suffer. His body is bombarded like a broken kite, and he is severely hit to fly out. In the process, he kept spitting blood out.
Amory is not Bergen's match at all. Moreover, he had previously been seriously injured. At this moment, the shadow of the thirty horned dragons above his head is even more illusory, as if it will disperse.
On the contrary, the thirty-five horned dragons above Bergen's head are coiled and almost substantial.
If there is no miracle, Amory will die today. And Bergen will take the first wonder of the world.
"Bergen, you forced me!" Amory's face was in despair. But there is a strong color of determination in despair.
At the same time, Amory's breath is constantly rising. Even, the 30 headed Horned Dragon on his head is quickly becoming solid, almost substantial.
"Amory, what are you going to do? Are you crazy? "
Seeing this, Bergen was furious and roared. His body shape was in a flash, and he left for the convenience of later.
Boom.
After a loud noise, the thirty dragons in the void above his head turned into substance in a flash At the same time, Amory's body shape changed into a trace in the void, and he quickly attacked Bergen.
Amory's going to die.
It turned out that Amory found that his body had been seriously injured. Even after his escape this time, he could not recover the injury.
Moreover, with his strength at this time, he could not escape Bergen's pursuit. Forced by helplessness, he can only choose to explode himself. With Bergen.
Boom
At the same time that Amory was fighting Bergen, the thirty substantial horned dragons above his head were on fire.
Burning power!
After the power of combustion, Amory's breath became furious, ten times stronger than before! However, because of the burning power, even though he was ten times stronger than before, there was no power of three hundred dragons in the void above his head.
"Bergen, you forced me! Since you want me to die, I'll put you on the back and let's die together! " At the same time, Amory's breath suddenly surged.
Amory, which has increased its power tenfold, is far more powerful than Bergen. He rushed up in a flash, opened his big hands and hugged Bergen directly. At the same time, he roared in his ear, with a ferocious face.
"Since you think I'm dead, let's die together!"
But Amory didn't care. The Horned Dragon above the head was burning fiercely.
"You lunatic, let go of me! You are crazy! Get out of here, get out of here! " Bergen roared in horror, punching and killing Amory, splashing his body with blood and flesh.
"Let's die together!" Amory roars wildly, letting Bergen attack wildly, but never letting go.
Boom!
After the big bang, the empty space exploded. The terrible impact force was to tear the empty space apart. Even the whole sky seemed to be shaken by the terrible explosion.
At the moment of the explosion, the great Xia Dynasty was deeply shocked. One by one, the great Xia people rushed out and looked at the void in horror, thinking that the end of the world was coming.
However, no one saw anything, because Amory and his two men were fighting in the void, far away from the earth. How do ordinary people see it?
What's more, after the explosion of Amory, everything on both of them, including Bergen, was blown to powder, with no residue left.
The world's first wonderful book "Hetu Luoshu" appeared inexplicably, but it was inexplicably lost, as if no one knew it.
Time like running water, a few months later, into the winter season.
Tianzhu Mountain is a famous mountain near Anyi City, the capital of the great Xia Dynasty. Because Tianzhu Mountain has many peaks, precipices and high peaks, it is named as Tianzhu.
In the severe winter, the snow capped the mountain. The whole Tianzhu Mountain is white. From a distance, the sky and the earth are the same.
Deng Deng
All of a sudden, under the Tianzhu Mountain, a disordered sound of footsteps spread far away. Turning around a mountain, a group of strange animals are galloping towards the depth of Tianzhu Mountain.
On the other hand, there are a group of handsome men and pretty women who are laughing. In such a severe winter season, when the snow capped the mountain, they all wore extremely thin but extremely luxurious clothes
At first glance, I knew that it was Lian Jiazi, who must be the noble warrior of the great Xia Dynasty.
A group of more than ten people burst into the depths of Tianzhu Mountain with laughter. Under the hip
No, after their explosion, a kind of ugly yellow like pattern slowly drifted down from the void, and finally didn't know where to fall.
Chapter II the beginning of transformation
In the severe winter season, there is a lot of snow. The high snow of one person fills the original road of Tianzhu Mountain.
Unlike those elite children of Murong family, they ride on strange animals, and they rush into the depths of Tianzhu Mountain easily.
Poor Murong Pena couldn't eat enough and was even thinner. He was forced to enter the depths of Tianzhu Mountain by the cold winter.
Young man, Murong Pena, the collateral son of Murong family, but he was reduced to a young man who lived as a servant. Now he was riding the thin yellow horse, and he was walking towards Tianzhu Mountain with a deep and shallow foot.
Deep in the Tianzhu Mountain, on the flat ground at the edge of the cliff. Several elite children of Murong family and other famous families are impatiently waiting here.
"Murong Ling, what happened to that servant of your family? So haven't you come in yet? " The young master of Yan family looked at Murong Ling and said.
Murong Ling's eyes flashed a flash of murder, and he said disgustedly, "this damned servant is not going to die on the way?"
"Murong Ling, I'm not talking about you. There are so many servants in Murong family. Why don't you bring more people here? You want that kid? It's thin. Can you come in or
"Murong Pena, you lowly servant, don't hurry up and get over here!" A sharp and harsh voice suddenly came from Tianzhu Mountain.
Hearing this sound, the young man was shocked at once, and the thin body under the thin clothes could not help shivering slightly! It seems that the voice scared him a lot. But then there was a chill in his eyes.
And just after they disappeared, a young man with thin and hungry face and thin clothes, but cold and direct cold war rode a yellow Hussar into Tianzhu Mountain slowly.
The beast, even treading on the snow like a flat ground, is fast and disappears under Tianzhu Mountain.
"A humble servant?" Murong Pena chuckled: "they are both Murong's children, but they become servants because they can't practice martial arts? Because he was a collateral, he became the servant of your immediate children? Because their parents died early, and let you bully? Not even as good as ordinary servants? "
One question. You see, how much time did it take us? I am not in the mood to come here to hunt. " Xu Qian frowned and said displeased.
"Don't be upset, it's still early today. If we didn't worry about our mounts, we would go hunting directly. But when that damned Murong Pena comes, I will teach him a lesson. "
A girl of about twenty-eight years old with a good face, but a little sinister in her face walked up and said with a smile. She is Murong Yan, the elite disciple of Murong family. It was the sharp voice Murong Pena had heard in the mountain pass.
"Wait a little longer." An elite child frowned. For a while, people here were very upset because Murong Pena had not arrived.
Murong Ling's brother and sister are more upset. Because bringing Murong Pena here is exactly what they mean. Originally, these elite disciples from all major families had slaves.
Just to save money, Murong Ling brought Murong Pena alone. It's not that Murong Ling treats Murong Pena so well, it's just that Murong Pena has a good experience in caring for animals and other mounts.
Because, in Murong's house, Murong Pena is usually a servant who takes care of animals
。
All the way deep and shallow into the depths of Tianzhu Mountain, he almost lost his old life.
"At last."
Murong Pena saw Murong Ling and others riding a thin yellow horse with his two teeth chattering.
Murong Pena was shivering all over with cold, his clothes were thin, and he was not the elite children but the martial arts masters. He is a common person, a waste who can't practice martial arts.
"Why don't you come back till dark, you lowly servant?"
Seeing Murong Pena come slowly, Murong Yan's anger comes up. The sharp drink scolds, directly a whip then directly whipped past.
Crack!
Murong Pena doesn't know any martial arts. However, Murong Yan is also the leader of the young generation of Murong family, whose strength has reached the level of six aspects of martial arts.
With such a whip, Murong Pena didn't even have the time to react, so he was severely whipped. The huge power difference breaks Murong Pena's thin body into two parts, and even directly draws Murong Pena away.
Tear...
The sound of the strip breaking came from Murong Pena. See M only
Urong Pena's thin and bad clothes were directly torn apart by the barb of the whip, revealing Murong Pena's thin body.
The startling scar came out of Murong Pena, and then the red blood came out.
Puff!
Murong Pena is hit hard. It seems that the whole person is torn. His blood is billowing like a river. His throat is sweet and his mouth is open. He can't help but spit out a mouthful of blood.
Splash!
Murong Pena fell heavily on the snow, and his body was in great pain. His thin body, which was whipped by Murong Yan, almost broke apart.
Although Murong Yan didn't use all her strength, she was after all a master of the six realms of martial arts. When she whipped her whip, she didn't kill Murong Pena directly. It was Murong Pena.
However, Murong Pena's body is thin and weak. First, it bears Murong Yan's swift and violent attack, and then it falls on the ground from the void. This huge impact, plus the previous injuries
Murong Pena once again spewed out a mouthful of blood. As soon as it was dark, he immediately passed out in a coma.
The bright red blood is stained on the white snow,
Looking at the comatose Murong Pena, Murong Yan is scared, grabs her brother Murong Ling's hand and nervously asks, "brother, is he dead?"
It looks extremely gorgeous.
Feeling Murong Yan's fear, Murong Ling just shook her head and smiled lightly: "even if she died, it's nothing but a servant. Don't be afraid."
"That is to say, a mere servant is dead. It's a big deal to buy another one. Or, I'll give you some directly. " Winter said with a smile.
Murong Yan snorted coldly, and her face became cold: "there are slaves in my family. It's just that he's worried that no one will show us the ride when he's dead. "
"You wait for me here. I'll see if he's dead." Murong Ling strides to Murong Pena. Then he found that Murong Pena was just in a coma.
"It's just a coma. It's not dead." Murong Ling frowned, then saw a fierce look in his eyes. Please get up and kick Murong Pena away.
Puff!
After receiving Murong Ling's foot, Murong Pena woke up from a coma. Mouth one, involuntarily again spewed out a mouthful of blood.
What's more, to his surprise, he found himself
But it's like Paulinho in the fog. Then he felt that he was falling down quickly
"Murong Ling kicked herself off the cliff! This bastard kicked himself off the cliff This is the last thought before Murong Pena's consciousness has passed out.
"Brother, how did you kick him down?" After Murong Ling kicks Murong Pena off, Shi ran comes back. Murong Yan asked strangely.
"Sooner or later, he will die too. It's better to complete him directly." Murong Ling said with a faint smile.
Murong Yan nodded to understand. But the other family's children are also plain. It seems that I'm used to this kind of thing. I'm not surprised at all.
"Since no one is watching the monsters, we can only tie them here. I hope they don't run away."
Then, after tying up the beast, they picked up the bow and arrow weapons and so on, and began to hunt.
Tianzhu Mountain is a mountain with peaks and cliffs. There are often powerful monsters under the cliff. Therefore, most of these cliff bottoms are inaccessible places.
Bang!
In one cliff, a huge rock extends from the cliff wall, which seems to be a huge platform.
All of a sudden, a dark shadow is extremely terrible
Look at the past carefully, but it is a person! If Murong Ling is here, it is Murong Pena who was kicked off the cliff by him.
The speed falls directly from the sky, and finally falls to the ground. The strong impact force is to shake the snow off the platform.
It's also a good thing that it's freezing winter and there's a lot of snow. The thick snow counteracts the impact of Murong Pena. Otherwise, in other seasons, Murong Pena would have fallen on the platform, even if he had already fallen into a mass of meat sauce.
But even so, the bones of Murong Pena's body were smashed to pieces. If there is no miracle, Murong Pena will explain it here.
The bright red blood flowed from Murong Pena like a stream and flowed continuously. Even if he didn't fall to death, if he didn't have blood, I believe he would die of excessive blood loss in a short time.
Bang!
However, just at this time, the ground below Murong Pena suddenly burst into a brilliant golden light!
Although the golden light is gorgeous, it is not dazzling. Moreover, as soon as this group of Jin Guangfu appeared, it was like a silkworm chrysalis that wrapped the whole person of Murong Pena.
"What a chaotic object."
Chapter three you are not a waste!
I don't know when the golden light covering Murong Pena's body like a chrysalis disappeared. It's just that Murong Pena, who was in a coma, is still not waking up.
The snow is flying, and the white snow is falling from the sky. Gradually, Murong Pena's body was buried in snow. After a long time, the snow on the platform which was shaken by Murong Pena's fall accumulated again, burying Murong Pena on the ground.
Murong Pena is in a coma, her blouse is broken, and she is buried by ice and snow! If there is no miracle, his sleep will be a lifetime.
Time goes by, I don't know when, it's dark and bright. Murong Pena has been sleeping all day and all night on the platform above the cliff.
Is Murong Pena dead?
Suddenly, the thick snow suddenly vibrated. Then a voice came from under the snow.
"Why? I'm not dead yet? Where am I? What weighs so heavily on me? "
I don't know when Murong Pena actually regained consciousness. The first time, he would
A little inaudible voice suddenly came out. If Murong Pena was conscious at the moment, he would be scared to death by the sudden sound.
Murong Pena in the golden light, from the color of pain at the beginning, gradually transformed into a quiet face, as if sleeping in general.
If someone is here, it can be found that the blood on Murong Pena's body surface wrapped by golden light has stopped bleeding. However, the scars that were whipped out by Murong Yan in the falling cliff actually began to heal rapidly.
Finally, the scar on Murong Pena, whether new or old, disappeared slowly. Even Murong Pena's emaciated body, yellow and skinny, has gradually become plump and mellow.
Murong Pena, who was sleeping, didn't know that his body had begun to change because of this falling cliff.
The body has changed, but will the fate of Murong Pena change because of this?
Wake up. But when he woke up, he found that he was almost suffocated.
His eyes opened and he saw nothing.
"What the hell." Murong Pena struggles a little, then pushes her hands up.
Bang!
Just as Murong Pena pushed his hands out, he felt a heat rush out of his hands. Then, he saw an amazing scene
All the things in front of him were pushed out by him. At this time, he also saw clearly that what had been pushed out by himself was the thick snow.
After Murong Pena had no accumulated snow, he stood up suddenly with a confused look on his face.
"Where is this? Didn't I get kicked off the cliff by Murong Ling? Am I not dead? " Murong Pena said to herself, with a sharp look in her eyes.
At the thought of Murong Ling's two brothers and sisters, Murong Pena gnashed his teeth. I have no contact with these two brothers and sisters at all. But I don't know why. The two brothers and sisters are always suffering from nothing.
Over the years, Murong Pena has been tortured by Murong Ling and others. If not Murong Pena heart
Tenacity, bite teeth to insist on down, afraid that they have been killed by both of them.
Soon, however, he began to smile bitterly. He is just a waste, a waste without any status and without martial arts.
Murong Ling and his wife are the genius of Murong family. Why should they revenge?
Revenge!
"Sooner or later, I will kill both of you myself to report the inhuman torture I have suffered for many years!" Murong Pena said, gnashing his teeth.
Murong Pena's eyes showed hatred.
"No, I was kicked off the cliff. Why didn't I die? Just now, why did I push the snow pile away? What are the two heat flows in the arm? Is it the legendary internal power? Is it true that I was kicked off the cliff this time and was blessed with misfortune. What kind of treasure did I accidentally eat? "
Thinking of this, Murong Pena's eyes are full of excitement!
"Ah!"
Just, very quickly, he then exclaimed. Because he found that he was on this platform, not on the world, not on the ground, even if he had an adventure what? Can not leave here, will always be starved to death.
"If only I were like those immortals, Paulinho driving fog, moving mountains and seas, leaving here is just an idea."
M
Urong Pena sighed suddenly.
The so-called cultivators of immortals are the cultivators in the world of cultivation. These cultivators are powerful. They are said to be able to walk on the earth, carry mountains and the sky above their heads. They are very powerful. I don't know how many billions of times stronger than their secular warriors.
"If you don't eat, you will starve to death sooner or later. It's so cold in winter. Sooner or later, I'll die of cold Murong Pena, sitting on a prominent stone on the platform, said to himself with a sad face.
Looking into the snow-white world, Murong Pena holds his hands tightly. However, with such a hug, he was shocked again.
Only then did he find that the injury on his body did not hurt. What's more, he can't feel the cold!
"It's over. I must have been broken. I don't feel so cold. Strangely, I don't feel hungry anymore. All the scars on my body are gone. " Murong Pena jumped up with a look of shock.
"It's over. Am I really dead? This is the underworld? It is said that only in the state of soul, you will not feel cold, hot and hungry. " Murong Pena was jumping up and down the platform, scared.
"Boy, don't jump around. You're not dead."
All of a sudden, a sound
The sound suddenly rang in Murong Pena's ear.
"Who, who is it?" Murong Pena was startled, almost to death. I saw him rambling around, wanting to see the speaker.
"Who are you?" Murong Pena tried to calm down and asked. In the process, he saw the picture.
"Don't look. You can't see me. Do you want to know who I am? Did you see the place where you were lying before? Do you see the scroll on the ground? " The sound continued to ring in Murong Pena's ear.
"Go and pick up the scroll, and then you can see me." The voice continued.
"You don't want to kill for money, do you? I know that some people in the world will take it. Do you want to take it Murong Pena's mind suddenly flashed a word he had overheard before.
"Boy, if I hadn't saved you, you would have died. What's more, if I want to take it, I will take it for a long time, and I will wait for you to wake up? I don't want it even if it's your constitution. " The man's words were impersonal.
Murong Pena laughed at himself: "yes, I'm just a waste."
As he spoke, Murong Pena strode forward
"How can I see you?" Asked Murong Pena.
Pick up the picture directly.
"Concentrate, use your spirit to explore the picture, and then you can see me." Said the voice.
Murong Pena clenched his teeth, without any hesitation, and concentrated on the picture.
This is a slightly yellowish picture with mountains, rivers, cities and so on. Murong Pena didn't take a close look at what it was In fact, he can't understand.
At the moment when Murong Pena's spirit came into contact with the painting, he felt a great pulling force to wrap himself up in an instant, and then the scene before him changed for a while, and he appeared in a strange space.
Boom!
"Are you talking to me?" Murong Pena looked at each other for a long time before he came up with this sentence.
"Boy, how are you? I didn't lie to you, did I? " A voice came in front of Murong Pena. Looking forward, he saw a young man about twenty looking at himself with a smile on his face.
The young man stumbled and almost fell to the ground: "it's not that I'm talking to you, you think it's the ghost talking to you?"
"Who are you? Where am I now? Where am I? To
What happened at the bottom? " Murong Pena spoke so fast that he asked all his questions at once.
"This is the world inside the scroll, that is, the scroll you just saw. As for me? You can make me hetulus, which you call the spirit of artifact. " Youth, that is, he tuluo.
Hetuoluoshu!
This picture is actually hetuoluo book, which is the first wonder book in the world that Amory and Bergen competed for.
"Artifact?"
Hearing these words, Murong Pena's eyes glowed. He knows the spirit of artifact. It's the magic weapon of those cultivators that can make the magic weapon appear.
As long as there is a spirit in a magic weapon or magic weapon, it is a powerful magic weapon and magic weapon!
"Are you really an artifact? So, do you have any skills of the immortals? Is there any magic elixir that can change my physique so that I can practice martial arts? " Murong Pena's eyes were shining, and he said a series of words like a string of shells.
"Who am I? I am the first wonderful book of heaven and earth, Hetu Luoshu? What am I not? I even tell you that there are so many magic elixirs in this space. " He tuluo said proudly.
"Can you give me some? I also want to practice martial arts
"I'm sorry, I can't." He tuluoshu shook his head and said firmly.
! I don't want to be a waste anymore! " Murong Pena looked at hetuoluo with a look of hope and said.
Murong Pena was disappointed: "you are too mean."
"Boy, it's not that I'm mean, but those things are too advanced. Even if it's given to you, you can't digest it. It will explode and die directly. The gods and souls will die, and the dead can't die again. "
"Well, as a powerful artifact, can you help me improve my physique. I can't practice martial arts all the time, a waste. "
Murong Pena said with a low look. Although he has been carrying the title of waste for more than ten years and has been used to all kinds of ridicule and ridicule, he is only a teenager after all.
Who doesn't want to have a great power? Let alone Murong Pena, who has no status. He is more eager to change his destiny by becoming strong. "
"Boy, haven't you found out that you are not afraid of cold and hunger, and your body has a strong power?" Hetu stares at Murong Pena, which means that iron is not steel.
Murong Pena embarrassed: "I was just about to ask this question. But I have hope
"You are not a waste! It's chaos! " He Tu shouted word by word.
Do you want to get rid of this waste? "
Chapter IV chaotic objects
"I'm not a waste?!"
Murong Pena was excited to hear Hetu's words, and her body was trembling for the reason of being too excited. A pair of eyes is more to show the inexplicable God awn.
"Just..." All of a sudden, Murong Pena fell silent again and sighed, "well, don't comfort me. I can't even practice the most basic martial arts and mental skills. What's a waste? "
Looking at Murong Pena, who is in a state of great mood, Hetu, an artificer who has lived with many ideas, also has an idea of beating him.
What Hetu said is true. Murong Pena is not only a waste, but also the most powerful constitution between heaven and earth - chaotic celestial body!
However, the truth of Hetu is that it becomes a comforting speech in Murong Pena's ear. To be honest, he TU was a little annoyed.
However, how could he understand Murong Pena's mood?
Even in the Xia Dynasty, even the most common martial arts, the mind skill Murong Pena, could not be cultivated.
In the great Xia Dynasty, Murong family was
It is an extremely powerful family of warriors.
In Murong aristocratic family, even those servants with low status will have some martial arts skills, and even some powerful servants have reached the triple or even quadruple level of martial arts.
However, as a collateral son of Murong family, Murong Pena can't practice at all! Because of this, in this martial world, he is a complete waste.
In Murong aristocratic family, he is a collateral son of Murong aristocratic family, but he has no status. Even the most humble servant looked down on him.
Over the years, Murong Pena has been carrying the word "waste" on her back. It's really too hard to live. And over the years, he has been desperate.
"No matter where I go, I am a waste, not even a general servant." Murong Pena laughed at himself with a sad face.
"Boy, before meeting me, you may be a waste who can't practice martial arts. But from the moment you meet me, you are no longer a waste. It's chaos! The most powerful constitution in the world! Didn't you say you wanted to practice? Don't you mean to trample on all those who despise you or insult you? "
"If you still look down on yourself, then, even if you are a chaotic celestial body, you are a waste! A waste without any use!
”He Tu said with a sudden sneer.
Murong Pena was furious: "my body is a waste! But I always have a strong heart. You can insult my body, but not my self-esteem! "
"You still have self-esteem?" Hetu sneers: "I told you the truth before. If you don't believe me, I can send you down now. You can go back to Murong's house and continue to be your waste."
Hetu sneers: "why should I cheat you? You're not qualified! "
Murong Pena didn't speak, but looked at the river picture coldly: "don't lie to me, please find me happy. Otherwise, even if I'm not good, I'll fight you to death. "
"I want to practice, I want to be strong! But I have nothing now. Since you are the legendary artifact, what powerful skills should you give me? "
Murong Pena is silent. After pondering for a long time, I tried my best to sort out what happened yesterday and today. After I calmed down, I looked at the river map.
"Yes, I happen to have a skill suitable for your physical cultivation." He Tu said indifferently.
Murong Pena looked at the picture of the river and said quietly.
"However, I still have a lot of things I don't understand. What is chaos? What is this hetuoluo book? Can you tell me more about this
"
"It turns out that you are also interested in knowing that I thought you were obsessed with yourself all the time." Hetu laughed, and then he kept saying all the things Murong Pena could know.
It turns out that Murong Pena was kicked off the cliff by Murong Ling. Fall on the platform, just hit the hetuoluo book.
The blood left from Murong Pena just poured into the hetuoluo book - Murong Pena and hetuoluo book are so confused to recognize the Lord.
Because of this, hetuloshu started the function of head of household to cure the injury of Murong Pena. Even directly transformed the constitution of Murong Pena.
In this process, he tuluoshu found that Murong Pena's constitution is not only a waste, but also the most powerful one between the heaven and the earth - chaotic celestial body.
There are all kinds of constitution between heaven and earth, such as immortal golden body, war spirit body, pure Yang body and so on. Murong Pena's physique is the most powerful, not one of them.
What Murong Pena didn't know was that his physique was unique in addition to being the most powerful. Other physiques, such as the immortal golden body, can appear in many places at the same time.
But there is only one chaotic object.
At first, he accidentally recognized the LORD with Murong Pena, a mortal without any power, which made Hetu very unhappy. But when he learned that Murong Pena was the first physical chaos object in the world, he TU was excited and excited.
Hetu believes that Murong Pena will rise rapidly under his guidance! It is because of this that he is so patient with Murong Pena, and even lets Murong Pena enter the picture.
Otherwise, if Murong Pena is really a waste. Even if the Lord is recognized, Hetu can't kill Murong Pena directly. He has various means to kill Murong Pena.
...
Hetu has said a lot. It took half a day to say the most basic things. It took Murong Pena half a day to digest these things.
For example, Murong Pena is a chaotic object. As long as he is still there, there is only one chaotic object between heaven and earth. If there is a second chaotic object, it means that Murong Pena is dead.
"Hetu Luoshu is the first wonderful book between heaven and earth. It is a space of its own. There are endless magic weapons, magic weapons, skills and even every one of them
Resources. Of course, whether you have the ability to get these resources depends on your own ability. I can't give you the contents directly. "
"Those are too far away for me to imagine now. I just want to be bigger now. Hetu, do you have any skills suitable for my cultivation? "
As Murong Pena said, those who are divine elixirs or soldiers are too far away from him. Moreover, he knew that he and hetulo had confessed to the Lord.
So, the whole hetulo book is his. As long as he is powerful, what is in it is not left to be squandered? Only if he can practice.
"The chaotic celestial body is the first constitution between the heaven and the earth, and it can't cultivate general skills at all..." Murong Pena's face was a little disappointed when he heard Hetu's words.
"However, just as it happens, I have a powerful skill here, which is called" chaos celestial record ", which is customized for you." He Tu said with a smile.
"Great. Give it to me now. "
Murong Pena got excited. He was so excited. After waiting for more than ten years, he, who has been called a waste, can finally practice.
This kind of excitement can't be felt by others.
He Tu did not hesitate to turn over a jade slip, and handed it to Murong Pena: "spirit
Murong Pena takes over the jade Jane and, in accordance with the words, probes into the spirit.
You can see it if you dig in. "
Boom!
In this moment, Murong Pena felt that he suddenly appeared in a space where he could not see his fingers. When he looked up, he saw a piece of text floating in the void ahead.
When Murong Pena comes into contact with those words, they will turn into a stream of light. Before Murong Pena reacts, they will directly sink into his body.
At the same time, Murong Pena felt that there was a sudden memory in his memory - it was the "chaotic celestial record". However, Murong Pena can only see the cultivation method of the first heavy day.
He knows the later skills, because the relationship limited to his strength is temporarily invisible.
Bang!
Just after Murong Pena read the chaotic celestial records, the jade slips in Murong Pena's hand were suddenly broken. So far, only Murong Pena has this skill between heaven and earth!
However, even if there is a matching skill, Murong Pena will not practice. It should be noted that he could not cultivate at all before, so he had no experience in cultivation.
But fortunately
In the following time, Hetu began to teach Murong Pena. In the process, Murong Pena gradually understood the world.
A new and huge portal slowly opened in front of Murong Pena, and a new world gradually appeared in front of Murong Pena.
Murong Pena knows that his fate has changed since he was kicked off the cliff by Murong Ling. As for how far he can go on this road, everything depends on his own efforts.
"Murong Ling? Murong's home? I'm Murong Pena going back! What you owe me, I will take it back from you! Aren't you all on top? I'm a waste. I just want to trample you all under my feet! " Murong Pena's eyes narrowed slightly, and thoughts flashed in her mind. Then he quickly entered the cultivation state.
Watching Murong Pena in quiet, serious cultivation. But there was a fierce look on his face not far away from the river map:“
River chart. Although he is only an artifact, but also a damaged artifact, but his former master is extremely powerful. Hetu has always been around that man, how rich is his experience?
Moreover, Hetu is also a strong man with rich cultivation experience.
Master, don't worry. I have found the little master. I will teach young Lord well, help you to get revenge and kill all your enemies in the past. There is not one left! "
Chapter five the power of the Dragon
Hetuoluo book world.
In front of a boulder of ten thousand jin, the boy with a slight lean figure is looking at the boulder in front with a heavy face.
Drink!
All of a sudden, the young man's violent drinking, a fist of rapid bombardment and out!
Boom!
It is the first book in heaven and earth. It has almost the same world as the outside world. It has mountains and rivers, and even oceans. There are even various kinds of plants, roughly similar to the outside world.
Just as he came out with one blow, a strong breath burst out from him. Just at this time, there were two dragon shadows on his head!
With the bombardment of the young man, the two Jiaolong above his head roared, and then quickly entangled and fused together to form a strong air flow, which hit the huge stone not far ahead.
After the big bang, the mountains and the earth are shaking, the gravel is flying and the dust is flying.
When the dust falls to the ground, the huge stone that stood on the earth before is gone. Instead, it's rubble from the ground.
This huge stone was smashed directly by a young man
"The strength of the two dragons is barely enough." At this time, a young man turned out from behind and said faintly.
Murong Pena turned and looked at the young man with an excited look: "Hetu, I succeeded! I can finally cultivate, but also cultivate the power of two dragons! "
"It's just the power of two dragons, and it's the lowest level of Jiaolong. Look at you. If you cultivate the power of Tianlong, aren't you excited to die?" But Hetu said with some disdain.
Murong Pena just smiled and didn't care.
No one can understand Murong Pena's mood. The waste that can't be cultivated has reached the power of two dragons at one stroke. It's not only excited by the power of two dragons, but the most important thing is to transform from waste into a warrior.
"The power of two dragons, I should reach the state of two heavens the day after tomorrow?" Murong Pena looked at the river map and said.
Although Murong Pena used to be a waste that could not practice martial arts, after all, he grew up in Murong aristocratic family, and his classification of the world is quite clear.
The day after tomorrow, there is only one dragon. At the time of double heaven realm, you can cultivate the power of two dragons.
Speaking of Jiaolong here, or Jiaolong's, these are not real dragons. It's accompanied by the warrior
Come on.
Realm, the strength of the strength and the formation of a dragon's shadow.
Just like the martial artists in the world, they can only cultivate the power of Jiaolong in the acquired realm. Even at the peak of the day after tomorrow, those who are strong against the sky can reach the power of 99 dragons!
It's very powerful. It can even smash a mountain with one fist.
And there is a natural state beyond the day after tomorrow. One of the important criteria for entering the innate realm is to cultivate the power of poet.
Poet is a dragon species higher than Jiaolong. The inborn strong with the power of a poet can kill the acquired peak strong with 99 Jiaolong in one blow.
This is the gap of strength.
Murong Pena now has two dragon shadows. Generally speaking, he has reached the state of "the day after tomorrow". It must be noted that he has only been practicing for two days!
The more advanced and numerous the Dragon species are, the stronger the power of this person will be.
If this cultivation speed is spread, it will shock the Murong family, even the whole Xia Dynasty.
Looking at Murong Pena with excited face, Hetu didn't want to beat him, but he couldn't help it. He shook his head first, sighed helplessly and said: "you are so optimistic, although you are a chaotic celestial body and have two dragons
After all, it's only been a day of practice. At best, you're just looking at the introduction. "
Hearing this, Murong Pena just smiled. What if it's just a beginner? As soon as I started, I had the power of two dragons and the power of the second heaven after others.
What if he reached the state of "two heavens" the day after tomorrow? How much dragon power does he have? Four? Or five!
Now, Murong Pena is full of confidence. He knew that as long as he continued to practice, one day he would be astonishing, and would trample all those who looked down on him, laughed at him and humiliated him under his feet.
At this time, Murong Pena finally understood why he could not practice before.
As the first physical body in the world, the chaotic celestial body is not unable to cultivate other skills. On the contrary, no matter what skill you practice, you will have half the power.
The reason why Murong Pena has become a waste that can't be cultivated is just because of the power of his channels and words! That day, after being kicked off the cliff by Murong Ling, he accidentally recognized the LORD with hetuoluo.
At that time, he tuluo discovered his constitution. Then, while repairing Murong Pena's injury, hetuloshu combed his meridians.
Because of this, Murong Pena only practiced for one day, and then entered the day after tomorrow
"Hetu, thank you." Murong Pena sincerely thanks Hetu.
Hetu just smiled: "if you really want to thank me, then you must promise me one thing."
"Don't say one thing, even ten, one hundred, as long as I can do it, as long as I don't violate my conscience." Murong Pena sincerely said.
Although he was despised as a child, he developed a character of indifference to everything. But it's not that he's cold-blooded. In essence, Murong Pena is a man of gratitude.
Hetu has turned him from a waste to a warrior. This kind of kindness is like a reincarnated parent. How can Murong Pena not repay this great kindness?
One heavy sky realm, but also to achieve the power of two dragons.
"I wish you would. But you are too weak now. It's not good for you to know. When you are strong enough, I will tell you naturally. " He Tu looked at Murong Pena and said slowly.
"You will be able to do that for me when you are proud of heaven." A flash of worry in the eyes of Hetu
Murong Pena's eyes turned when he saw the river map and asked, "since you don't want to say it, I won't ask. But you have to tell me, what kind of strength is needed? Let me have a goal to spur myself. "
The color of the injury, only Murong Pena did not find it.
Murong Pena rolled her eyes and didn't ask any more questions. If you ask me more, I'm afraid he won't have the confidence to practice. As soon as I hear about this so-called heaven, I know that I can't walk easily.
Murong Pena knew that beyond the realm of the postnatal, there was the realm of the innate. And after the innate realm, it is possible to enter the cultivation world and become those powerful cultivators.
As for heaven? Murong Pena hasn't heard of it, but at least it's much more advanced than the cultivation world.
Proud of heaven? I don't even know where the cultivation world is. I'd better practice. Murong Pena turned her eyes and went to practice.
"Heaven?"
Now, he doesn't have the ability to improve for Murong Pena.
Looking at Murong Pena's serious cultivation, he Tu's eyes showed a trace of comfort, and then he also went to practice. As an artifact with the same emotion as human beings, the river map hides many things, one of which is that it is seriously damaged!
There are a lot of treasures hidden in the inner world of Hetu Luoshu, which is the treasure of the last master of Hetu. However, it was sealed. If you want to get the treasure inside, you need to have corresponding strength in addition to the recognition of Hetu.
These treasures, Murong Pena, can't be touched for the time being. However, the strong vitality of the heaven and earth here makes Murong Pena's cultivation twice the result with half the effort.
In just two days, Murong Pena has consolidated the state of one heavy sky the day after tomorrow, which can be achieved in one step.
"In addition to the excellent mental skills and skills, if you want to have a strong fighting force, you need all kinds of powerful fighting skills, as well as all kinds of magic weapons and so on."
"Shenbing, magic weapons are outside after all. I don't encourage you to rely on these things, because your constitution and chaotic celestial body will be an extremely powerful magic weapon. However, all kinds of combat skills are absolutely indispensable. "
On this day, Hetu once again explained to Murong Pena the cultivation experience.
Murong Pena's eyes were shining.
Chaotic celestial body, with the ultimate cultivation, will be the most powerful magic weapon and magic weapon. From then on, Hetu Luoshu is the first wonder book and magic weapon in the world.
Moreover, the magic weapon Murong Pena can't exert its power even in the postnatal or inborn realm. Now, what he is looking forward to most is all kinds of powerful fighting skills.
"Hetu, what kind of combat skills are you cultivating today? What are the skills? " Looking at the river map, Murong Pena was excited
Chapter six the murderous Murong Pena
Anyi city is the capital of the great Xia Dynasty and one of the top ten cities in the world.
Chapter six the ferocious Murong Pena
In the city of Anyi, in addition to the royal family, there are countless aristocratic families. The Murong aristocratic family is the best of these families, with extremely strong strength.
In winter, there is heavy snow, but there is not much snow on the streets of Anyi city. It's obvious that there's a relationship between people cleaning up the snow.
Murong Pena was wearing a dress that he had brought along half the way - actually, it wasn't so. At the same time, Murong Pena left some silver money as a purchase.
"Murong family!"
Looking at the three majestic characters above the gate, Murong Pena's face showed a complex color. When Murong Ling kicked him off the cliff, he really thought he was dead.
Originally, Murong Pena didn't want to come back to Murong's house like this. However, he has nothing now, not even the martial arts suitable for cultivation. Besides, in winter, Murong Pena
But I didn't expect that I was not dead, on the contrary, I became a warrior from a waste who could not practice martial arts.
Asked.
However, these skills are too advanced for Murong Pena cultivation at this time.
That is to say, apart from the "chaotic celestial record" which is suitable for Murong Pena's practice, none of the skills he has is available for him at this stage.
After all, the former master of Hetu is too powerful. Is it a common skill to be able to enter the secret script of his eyes?
Murong Pena was disappointed, and finally said gloomily, "I have to go back to Murong aristocratic family to see if there is any combat skill to show for cultivation." Although Murong aristocratic family is not a family of cultivation, it also has some combat skills and skills, which are suitable for the cultivation of the martial artists of the postnatal and even the innate realm.
"I think this combat skill should be suitable for your cultivation at this stage." After searching in his mind for a long time, he Tu finally found a wise but not limited skill.
"Dragon like Prajna skill?" Murong Pena looks at it roughly first, and then breathes out a sound.
"Er..." The picture of the river suddenly stagnated, and his face was even more embarrassed. Because he found that although he had many secret scripts of Kung Fu, even some of them were coveted by the great powers of heaven.
There was really no place to go, but in the end he chose to come back.
"Murong Pena, you humble servant, where have you been in these three days?"
Just when Murong Pena entered Murong's house, a venomous voice came from the front.
Hearing this sound, Murong Pena's eyes flashed a cold killing machine. But he soon covered up the past.
He looked up at the past, but saw that not far ahead of him, a young man about eighteen or nine years old was coming towards him with a grim smile.
"Three days?" Murong Pena suddenly responded and was stunned.
How did it take three days? I spent six days in the book of hetulo. Murong Pena's heart was strange, but his meditation did not answer the visitor's words, which made him furious.
"You son of a bitch, I'm asking you to talk to you. Are you deaf or mute?" Murong'an was furious and came to the front of Murong Pena. He raised his right foot and kicked Murong Pena hard.
Murong'an was very angry. Like Murong Pena, he is the servant of Murong family who is responsible for riding. However, within these three days, Murong Pena disappeared.
Their staff is not enough. Now they are short of one person, and even colder. It makes murong'an and other people double their workload, and makes them hate Murong Pena very much.
When he saw Murong Pena, murong'an was really angry from the side of his heart. His mouth was a vicious curse. Then he ran over and kicked him.
This kind of thing has been taken for granted. In Murong aristocratic family, Murong Pena is not only a waste, but also a loser. Anyone can bully it!
This day, he finally got a day's holiday, is trying to go out to find a brothel woman Xie Huo. Just at the gate, I met Murong Pena who had disappeared for several days.
Even if he is a collateral son of Murong family, such foreign servants as murong'an can bully him at will. Because murong'an is the warrior of the day after tomorrow.
In this world, the warrior is absolutely superior to the waste that cannot be cultivated.
Hearing murong'an scold himself as a son of a bitch again, Murong Pena's eyes turn red instantly! In this world, no one treats him well except his parents.
Although his parents died early, it was definitely the scale of Murong Pena.
The world can insult Murong Pena, but
Never insult his parents! In the past, Murong Pena was a real waste. He was scolded by people all day for his son of a bitch, wild seed and so on. Although he was angry, he endured it.
He didn't resist, but if he resisted, he would be beaten more and more. Since his parents died when he was five, he has become a bully.
In the beginning, those people scolded him for being a bastard and a wild seed, and Murong Pena would rush up and fight desperately. However, the result of this is that he was beaten, half dead, and even, once, he was beaten for half a year.
Since then, Murong Pena has opted for resilience.
Today, Murong Pena is no longer a waste. He is a warrior! When I heard that murong'an wanted to drink bitterly and scold himself, he had to fight and kick himself.
He must endure! He remembered everyone who bullied him. These people will be avenged by him!
His eyes were red, and his face looked at murong'an ferociously, gnashing his teeth and choosing people to eat, which surprised murong'an.
Frightened by the murderous look of Murong Pena, murong'an involuntarily takes back the kick. only
All these years, the resentment that had been suppressed in the heart by Murong Pena finally broke out.
Yes, and then he said, "it's just a waste. How can I fear him?"
"Damn it, I'm scared by this crap." After the reaction, murong'an was even more angry, and kicked his feet hard to Murong Pena's chest.
In this process, murong'an's head is even more suspended from a light dragon.
The day after tomorrow! He used the power of the warrior.
This is clearly to put oneself and death ah! Murong Pena's face grew more ferocious.
"You die for me!"
All of a sudden, Murong Pena gave a loud drink, clenched his right hand, and smashed the big foot that murong'an kicked.
Murong'an is just sneering at the crazy Murong Pena. How can he resist the attack of his own warrior?
Even murong'an's mind has come up with the scene of Murong Pena being kicked out by himself, his chest collapsing and bleeding.
But as soon as the smile appeared, it stopped. Then there was a ghostly look on his face.
Thinking of the happy place, murong'an could not help but smile cruelly.
"The power of two dragons! No way! " Murong'an roared. Because at this time, he clearly saw
There are two black dragons floating above Murong Pena's head, almost condensing into substance.
Bang!
The power of two dragons to one! Absolute power suppression.
At the same time of murong'an's roar, Murong Pena's fist has been pounding on murong'an's calf with terror.
Click!
The sound of the fracture was heard from murong'an's calf, and then murong'an's shrill scream.
Under the impact of powerful forces, murong'an was smashed and flew out, and finally fell on the snow in the distance. Then murong'an's screams like killing pigs spread far away.
"What's the matter?" Hearing murong'an's scream, the servants working nearby came to hear it.
Murong'an was hit by a blow. Murong Pena did not calm down. On the contrary, the resentment that he suppressed for many years broke out completely.
His eyes were red and his whole body was murderous. He walked towards murong'an step by step.
Seeing Murong Pena's horrible appearance, murong'an was frightened and endured the pain of breaking his leg. He said angrily, "you bastard dare to break my leg. You are looking for death! I must kill you! "
Murong'an is like a mad dog
, cursing Murong Pena.
"Waste!"
Murong Pena slowly walked to murong'an, his face was cold, and he took a look at murong'an. Then step on it.
Click!
The clear sound of fracture was accompanied by murong'an's scream. But murong'an's other foot was broken by Murong Pena.
"Didn't you bully me so much?" Murong Pena grinned and kicked murong'an on the waist. A huge force kicked murong'an away.
The feet are trampled off, and the waist is kicked up! The huge pain directly let murong'an spew out a big mouthful of blood, and then he passed out in a coma.
With a bang, murong'an fell to the ground from the air. The huge impact immediately woke up murong'an who was unconscious. Then murong'an was screaming again.
"Help me. Help me, Murong Pena. He's crazy. "
At this time, Murong family has many servants around. However, seeing Murong Pena beating murong'an, they fell to their chin.
Isn't Murong Pena a bully? Why is it so fierce today?
For a while, everyone didn't react, just looked at Murong Pena.
Hearing that murong'an was beaten so badly by himself, he still complained and scolded himself. Murong Pena's eyes flashed a violent look. He rushed up quickly and stepped on murong'an's mouth with one foot.
Click...
The sound of fracture spread far away, which made the nearby servants shiver. Immediately, murong'an, who was originally complaining about Murong Pena, shut up.
It wasn't that he shut up, it was that Murong Pena had crushed his entire jaw. Already passed out.
Looking at murong'an who has fainted, Murong Pena doesn't seem to feel like relieving Qi. He stepped on murong'an's hands directly with two consecutive feet.
Extremely ferocious.
In the process, murong'an woke up from the pain, but soon fainted.
After all this, Murong Pena gradually calmed down and returned to the normal way. He glanced at a dozen servants who were watching the bustle of the neighborhood. Then Shi ran left.
Seeing Murong Pena's ferocity, these servants have been stopped for a long time. Seeing Murong Pena coming, they can't help themselves
, a face of fear to let.
This is the reality of the world. When you are a waste, these slaves may rush up and fall down the well, trample on your feet for fun.
When you are more ferocious than them and stronger than them, they will shrink aside and dare not speak, but look at you in fear.
At the end of the day, none of the servants dared to speak. It wasn't until watching Murong Pena disappear in the distance that the servants began to talk
Murong Pena came back, and the news of murong'an's ferocious attack on him spread quickly. Of course, for the whole huge Murong family, the news of his return was only limited to his circle, the lower slave.
Chapter 7 dragon elephant Prajna skill
The so-called Royal Horse prison is the place where Murong aristocratic family manages mounts and beasts. In a small courtyard, there are many different animals.
After beating murong'an hard, Murong Pena's resentment accumulated for many years let out a little, and his mood was better.
I saw that he walked towards the Royal Horse prison all the way, and those servants pointed at him on the way. But Murong Pena has long been used to it as if he didn't see it.
Hoo!
Royal Horse prison is a special courtyard of Murong aristocratic family. It is located in a corner of Murong family.
Murong Pena has just stepped into the gate of Royal Horse prison, and a strong wind comes with a fierce killing machine. If in the past, Murong Pena did not find it, and could not resist it.
However, Murong Pena was already a warrior at this time, with a sharp mind.
Wrong step, Murong pen
A in a flash, she takes a step backward.
Crack!
After a crisp sound, a black whip hit the ground where Murong Pena had stood. A powerful force broke out and sent the nearby snow directly out.
Murong Pena's eyes flashed a cold light at the sight of the whip.
"Why?"
Murong Hong was surprised to see Murong Pena dodge his beating. Then a body shape appeared in front of Murong Pena.
This is a thin, middle-aged man, with narrow and long small eyes, shining with the light of vengeance. Nose deeply concave, a face of pockmarks. There is a long, ferocious scar on his face, which slants directly from his right forehead to his left chin. It's like being split from right to left. It seems extremely ferocious.
Murong Hong, the head of the Royal Horse guards, is in charge of the whole Royal Horse guards, and has a small amount of strength in his hands. It's just that this guy is too insidious to be popular in the Royal Horse prison.
His only pleasure was to abuse Murong Pena.
Murong Pena's eyes twinkled with cold light. Since he entered the Royal Horse prison, he has always been bullied by Murong Hong. I can't eat enough and sleep well. Even the monthly salary of those poor copper coins will be deducted by this bastard.
"You
This son of a bitch disappeared for three days! I dare to avoid your master's whipping. I will kill you! " Murong Hong was only surprised, then furious. With a big hand, the black whip in his hand was like a black snake, and he slapped Murong Pena hard.
"Dying!"
Murong Pena's eyebrows pass a cold killing machine. This time, instead of retreating, he steps forward. Then he put out his hands and grabbed the black whip.
Seeing this, Murong Hong's eyes flashed a fierce color. Running power, the black whip suddenly accelerated by three points and beat it hard.
The whip, which is extremely fast, contains powerful power, and even blows up the air.
Murong Pena's eyes are full of murders. If you were whipped by Murong Hong before, even if your hands were not broken on the spot, the bones of your arms would be shattered.
Puff! Puff!
Murong Hong is about to break Murong Pena's hand. Anyway, Murong Pena is just a waste. Even if he kills him, he will only be punished by the people above.
Puff!
However, to Murong Hong's surprise, he could have directly broken Murong Pena's arm's whip, but it was Murong pen
A on the palm of his hand.
Murong Hong was surprised and tried to whip the whip back. However, the black whip does not move.
In this way, Murong Hong is even more surprised. In just three days, Murong Pena not only dared to resist, but also had such a powerful force!
"Murong Pena is a waste. Three days no see, he dare to resist! " The Royal Horse guards were not big. Murong Hong's roar had already led out a few slaves.
"Is this waste going to die? Against it! I don't think he's skinned this time. " Said one of the servants, gloating.
"See how adults beat him." Another slave approached excitedly.
"Hum! Waste is waste after all. I will kill you today. " Murong Hong was furious. Only saw his body a quiver, immediately he overhead then emerged two light dragon empty shadows.
The power of the dragon, the day after tomorrow, double heaven realm!
Murong Hong has used the strength of the warrior and is about to kill Murong Pena with a grim smile. However, at this time, he was shocked to find that there were two black Jiaolong above Murong Pena's head.
Lifelike, just like substance, more solid than his two faint virtual shadows
More.
"Ah? The power of two dragons! Murong Pena is a waste that has reached the level of double heaven the day after tomorrow? How can it be! " Seven or eight servants were shocked to see the two black dragons above Murong Pena's head. One by one, they all looked at Murong Pena with incredible eyes.
At this sight, Murong Hong was frightened. Because, as long as you are not a fool, you can see that although both of them are the power of two dragons, the power of two dragons of Murong Pena is much stronger than that of him.
"Dragon Prajna skill!"
Murong Pena let out a low cry. At this moment, something that made Murong Hong afraid happened. In addition to the two dragons above Murong Pena's empty head, there was a shadow behind him.
Murong Pena was hit by a big hand. All of a sudden, his thin body rushed to Murong Pena. At this time, Murong Pena's other hand, still carrying the virtual shadow of a dragon and an elephant, pounded Murong Hong's chest.
Click!
In the face of absolute power, and Murong Hong has not yet reacted from shock Murong Pena hit him hard on the chest with one blow.
After the clear fracture sound, Murong Hong's chest immediately collapsed. The bright red blood flowed out of Murong Hong's mouth like a spring.
Murong Hong's anger and chest pain made his face more ferocious. But he was staring at Murong Pena with a venomous look.
Murong Pena was furious. The son of a bitch was beaten half dead by himself, and still hated himself so much Murong Pena was really angry. He snorted coldly. He stepped out and directly stepped on Murong Hong's face.
Murong Hong made a sound like killing a pig. With the sound of fracture, he was afraid that half of his face had been trampled by Murong Pena.
Murong Pena snorted coldly and walked into the Royal Horse prison without looking back.
When Murong Pena, like the God of killing, walked in, the servants of the horse guards were shocked. It should be noted that they often bully Murong Pena.
Even Murong Hong, the warrior of the day after tomorrow, is not Murong Pena's opponent, let alone their waste?
One by one, they all stepped back slowly in horror, even afraid to look directly at Murong Pena.
At this time, Mu
The hearts of all the people were pounded, almost scared to death. I'm afraid Murong Pena will fly over and beat them to death.
Long Pena's step.
"Take that waste to the woodshed and don't let him die." Murong Pena said coldly, then walked to the biggest room in the Royal Horse prison.
This room is Murong Hong's room, which is obviously occupied by Murong Pena. Murong Hong, on the other hand, was thrown into the Chai room, the room where Murong Pena used to live.
Seeing that Murong Pena didn't find himself in trouble, the servants were relieved secretly. But all of them are sad.
"My Lord."
Murong Pena didn't get into the house long before there was a knock on the door.
Murong Pena frowned a little and his face looked unhappy. He beat Murong Hong like this. Do these people want to do anything to him?
"What can I do for you?" Murong
Murong Pena opened the door with a sullen face. But I saw all the eight servants of the Royal Horse Guards gathered here. Originally, there were ten slaves in the Royal Horse guards, one was Murong Pena, and the other was murong'an who was beaten and maimed by him.
Said Pena, with a sullen face.
The eight servants were already worried, and they were even more nervous at this time.
Murong Pena was even more impatient when he saw that they were not talking. Just when he wanted to get rid of these people, a servant named Murong Qing spoke.
"Adult, you have a large number of adults. We used to look down on people and offend them. I hope you don't get upset. In the future, we will do our best to serve adults. "
"Yes, we have no eyes. If we offend adults, please don't be surprised." After murongqing opened his mouth, the other eight servants also said.
Murong Pena sneered. These people have bullied him before, but now when they see him getting stronger, they will come to rely on themselves.
"I can't decide who is in charge of the horse warden. If it's OK, just step back. By the way, I want this room now. Do you have any questions? "
"No problem, of course. If there is any errand for adults in the future, I will do my best." Murongqing continued. Then, he retired with others.
Murong Pena sneered, closed the door, sat up directly on the bed, and remembered what had happened these days.
Even now, he still feels as unreal as a dream.
From waste to a
"By the way, I have been practicing for six days in hetuoluo book. How come they all say that only three days have passed? Ask Hetu. " Murong Pena is strange in his heart, and when his mind moves, he enters the world of hetuoluo books.
The warrior, who beat and maimed murong'an and murong'hong, awed the servants of the Royal Horse prison Everything has to do with hetulo.
Chapter 8 time acceleration
Hetu Luoshu is a world of its own. After Murong Pena and hetuoluo recognized the Lord, he only needed one thought to enter and leave hetuoluo.
Moreover, after recognizing the LORD with heturo, heturo was attached to Murong Pena's chest. If someone had seen Murong Pena's chest before, he could have seen a tattoo similar to the picture of the country on the top of his chest.
It's hetuoluo.
At this time, when Murong Pena enters into the world of hetuoluoshu, hetuoluoshu floats out of Murong Pena, turns into a dust invisible to the naked eye, and falls on the table top of the room.
"The world of hetuoluo can speed up time, which is twice the time outside. So you've been here six days, and you've only been out three days. " When Murong Pena said his question, Hetu said it directly.
In fact, Murong Pena has been out for four days. Because on the first day they left with Murong Ling and others, but they did not come back with them. Therefore, Mr. Murong Hong and other talents said that he disappeared for three days.
"Time acceleration?"
Hear Hetu
Moreover, people who practice martial arts know that the best time to start is before the age of five to ten. By the time Murong Pena was 16, he was old. Bones, meridians and so on have been basically shaped.
Murong Pena was shocked, but more excited. He is 16 years old this year. Compared with other people, he has been slow for ten years.
After that, Murong Pena was surprised. "That is to say, I have twice as much time as outside now? They have been practicing for one day, but I have been practicing for two days. "
Even if they practice at this time, they are doomed to have no great achievements.
However, diligence can make up for weakness. As long as Murong Pena has twice as much time as others, he believes that he can achieve something!
"Time acceleration is just one of the most basic abilities of hetulo. In addition, there are many aspects of hetulo's supernatural power and ability. However, all of these need to be explored slowly by yourself. " He Tu said quietly.
"Just tell you clearly that in the world of hetuoluo books, as long as you have the ability, you can speed up the time! Even in an instant, it can last for billions of years." He Tu said quietly.
It's horrible.
Instant billions of years! That is to say, the moment has just passed outside, and there are billions of years in hetuoluo book world!
"What conditions are needed to speed up the flow rate of billions of times?" Murong Pena said excitedly.
Murong Pena is silent. Hetu is telling the truth.
In this world, ordinary people can only live for 100 years at most. And the strong at the peak of the day after tomorrow will have two hundred years of life. And after reaching the congenital realm, it is directly increased to 500 years!
According to Murong Pena's current physique, it is still a question whether he has a life expectancy of 70-80 years. If he is speeding up the speed of time, he will die in an instant.
The river picture glanced at Murong Pena lightly and said: "don't think about it. You don't even have the conditions to accelerate three times. Moreover, time acceleration is not good for you. If you don't have enough Shou yuan, you will die here. "
Moreover, even if the river map doesn't mention it, Murong Pena also knows that the conditions needed to increase the time flow rate must be very terrible.
"I went to practice." Murong Pena smiled and began to practice.
The Dragon elephant Prajna skill is an extremely powerful combat skill. It's just a small idea to blow out a fist, with the dragon like vision, cultivate to the extreme, open steles and crack stones, and move mountains and plains. It can even break the sky and the earth!
Of course, that's what Hetu said, Murong PE
At present, Na is only the first to succeed in cultivation and has limited strength.
However, although the Prajna skill of the dragon is a combat skill, there is no move. It is purely a physical force to tear the sky and the earth!
After practicing the Prajna skill of dragon elephant for a while, Murong Pena turned to practice the chaos astrology. This is his major skill.
After a day's practice, the black dragon above Murong Pena's head becomes more and more condensed, almost to be materialized. Murong Pena knew that he was about to enter the dual heaven realm the day after tomorrow.
In the Xia Dynasty, or the whole secular world, the congenital strong is the most powerful. And the day after tomorrow, the strong will catch a lot of them. Even in the army of the dynasty, ordinary soldiers have the realm of five or six heavenly bodies.
However, although the world is martial, there are not many real strong ones. The vast majority of martial artists can only be deterred in the realm of postnatal life.
However, for Murong family, there are many inborn strong ones. Moreover, the children of these martial arts families have more advantages in cultivation.
There are systematic cultivation methods, as well as instructions from the strong. Just like Murong Yan, she has reached the state of "six heavens" at the age of 15. Murong Ling, only 17 years old, has reached the state of eight heavens the day after tomorrow.
It's very likely to reach a natural level before the age of 20, an absolute genius.
Murong Pena opened the door at daybreak. And just after he opened the door, he was startled. The eight servants of the Royal Horse guard stood at the door neatly Seems to have been waiting for Murong Pena.
Since Murong Hong was beaten and maimed by Murong Pena, these slaves took pictures of Murong Pena's obscene power. They didn't dare to offend Murong Pena and wanted to fawn on Murong Pena. Today, they're making breakfast and waiting for Murong Pena to get up.
Murong Pena has a strange smile on his face. This kind of treatment used to be only for Murong Hong. And I just beat Murong Hong
In this world, whoever has a big fist is the master. However, Murong Pena will not refuse their flattery After breakfast, Murong Pena told them to take good care of the Royal Horse guards. However, he left here and walked towards the martial arts arena of Murong family.
No matter how cold or hot it is, every morning, the young generation of Murong family will gather in the martial arts arena to practice.
This is one of the lessons that every martial family must do every day.
There is a lot of snow, but the martial arts arena is very hot. Nearly 200 Murong family's children gathered in the martial arts arena to practice
The youngest is only five or six years old, and the older is sixteen or seventeen years old like Murong Pena. However, a genius like Murong Ling doesn't need to practice here.
There is a huge stone not far from the martial arts arena Murong Pena came to the front of the boulder, leaned against the boulder, and watched the people on the arena practicing.
Zheng Huan.
It can be said that these people who are practicing in the martial arts field are either new or not talented.
Before that, Murong Pena would come here to watch these people practice whenever he was free. However, he can only look at it and envy it in his heart, because he can't practice at all.
Originally, when Murong Pena stood here before, he couldn't help but feel envious. However, when watching these people practice today, Murong Pena didn't have this feeling.
When he was secretly strange, he laughed at himself. He's a warrior now. The skill of cultivation is the best in the world, and it also has the best guidance of Hetu.
Apart from his cultivation is still not strong, he is better than these people.
After watching it for a while, Murong Pena was in a state of apathy and turned to leave: "I'd better go to the Sutra pavilion to see if there is any suitable martial art."
Bang!
As soon as Murong Pena turned around, he met something, and then a strong force rushed in, pushing Murong Pena to stagger for a few steps, and retreated.
"Well, isn't this Murong Pena? Have you come to practice again? After all these years, I wonder if you have learned it? " A strange voice came from the front, and then there was a burst of laughter.
Murong Pena looked at it plainly, and there were five people standing in front of him. The man who spoke just now is called Murong Ping. He is one of the direct descendants of Murong family. Although he is only 15 years old, he has reached the state of four heavens the day after tomorrow.
It's not a genius, but it's more powerful than Murong Pena, who can't practice martial arts.
Murong Pena's heart was full of bad luck and met this idiot again.
In fact, as long as anyone in Murong family can bully Murong Pena, who makes him a waste?
As long as it's a person, you can step on it.
Seeing the bad look on Murong Pena's face, Murong was furious when he was pingdun, and there was a fierce flash in his eyes, so he had to fight Murong Pena In fact, he just saw Murong Pena here,
Just deliberately came over, is to bully this legendary waste.
He repeats this kind of thing almost every day.
"Murongping, if you don't want to die, just roll over." When Murong Ping was about to beat Murong Pena, a thunder like voice came from the arena.
Murong Ping was startled, his neck shrank, and then gave Murong Pena a vicious look: "I'll settle with you next time." At the same time, he took four other people to the arena.
Murong Pena's eyes twinkled, so he had the impulse to go. However, Murong Ping is not Murong Hong and others. His strength is too much higher than that of him.
He is not Murong Ping's opponent
"Not enough strength." Murong Pena sighed, and went back to the Royal Horse prison in a low mood. Even the Sutra Pavilion is too lazy to go.
"First, I will improve my strength, or I will still be unable to move in Murong family."
In the following time, Murong Pena did not leave the Royal Horse prison. Only here can he be clean for a short time. In this process, he almost practiced in the world of hetulo books.
Boom!
Murong Pena had a big drink, a blow, and the ground went out of the hole, and his head
The top of the sky is a black dragon with five claws!
Chapter IX killing the aircraft
The power of five dragons!
The day after tomorrow, we have the power of five dragons. Perhaps, the power of these five Jiaolong is simply vulnerable. In this world, a handful of people are the power of dozens of Jiaolong.
However, Murong Pena has only two heavenly realms the day after tomorrow! Even in this world, it is unique that the two heavenly realms of the day after tomorrow have the power of five dragons.
Murong Pena naturally knows that he is different and much more powerful than others in the same realm. Therefore, after he received his contribution, he would leave the world of Hetu Luoshu happily.
"Only the power of five dragons likes to be like this. It's hard to be a great thing." Just as Murong Pena was about to leave, the disdainful voice of Hetu came to Murong Pena's ear.
Murong Pena's eyes turned. "In less than half a month, we will reach the state of double heaven the day after tomorrow. Isn't this entry good?"
"Slow! It's too slow. It's not that I look down on you. Instead, it's me. I've been cultivating for half a month until the day after tomorrow. "
With the power of the five dragons, that is, the three heavenly realms of the day after tomorrow. However, it may be that Murong Pena's constitution is different from that of ordinary people. He just broke through the dual heaven realm of the day after tomorrow.
Murong Pena is speechless. If it's true, as Hetu said, the world's inborn experts have already run all over the place. In fact, there are not so many inborn experts.
However, Murong Ling has been practicing for more than ten years.
Even Murong Ling, a genius of the Murong family, has reached the eightfold level at the age of 17, which is also a rare talent in the world.
For the rest of the time, Murong Pena never left the Royal Horse prison. Anyway, in this cold winter season, Murong aristocratic family has no activities to ride. Murong Pena's return didn't let Murong Ling and others find out.
By contrast, Murong Pena has only cultivated for less than half a month, which is a big gap.
Perhaps Murong Ling thought Murong Pena had died under the cliff. Maybe they don't care.
Due to the strong suppression of Murong Pena, the servants in the Royal Horse prison consciously finished all the things they should do every day. Murong'an and murong'hong, who were beaten and half dead by Murong Pena, were indeed left in a room to recuperate.
For the Murong aristocratic family, as long as there is no big deal between the slaves, they generally ignore it.
After all, no matter how fierce they fight, they are just slaves
Servant, I can't turn over any waves. As long as it does not harm the interests of Murong family.
During this period, Murong Pena spent almost a long time in the world of hetuoluo. In addition to cultivating the "chaotic celestial record", it is only cultivating the "dragon like Prajna skill".
As for other skills, according to the original meaning of Murong Pena, I want to visit the Sutra Pavilion of Murong family. But after being hit by the river map, he was too lazy to go.
Hetu only said: "these secular martial arts are just scum. It's just rubbish after cultivation. It's useless."
At that time, Murong Pena was shocked. The Murong family was one of the great families in the great Xia Dynasty, and its martial arts were extremely powerful. Just to the mouth of Hetu, all the martial arts they are proud of have become rubbish.
Of course, most of the functions of time are rubbish compared with hetulu Luoshu, the most wonderful book in the world. It's not just secular, even if it's the world of cultivation, it's the same with the world of fairyland.
When Murong Pena came back from Tianzhu Mountain on the 10th day.
Hetuoluo book world.
After a big bang, there was a mess in front of Murong Pena. Only saw his head above the void, 60 black dragon of Zhang Ya dance claw of circle, low roar. As long as Murong Pena wants, these sixty
Jiaolong will fight the past directly and tear the opponent directly.
Sixty dragon power!
The day after tomorrow, you will have the power of fifty dragons. At the time of the eight heavens, the power of the Dragon soared to 70.
The power of the sixty dragons lies between the seven and eight heavens the day after tomorrow.
In fact, the dragon power between each realm is not fixed. For example, the day after tomorrow, the seven heavenly realms are generally between 50 and 60 dragon forces.
After the general friars break through, they are all the power of fifty dragons. That is the lowest value of the power of the realm dragon. However, after some people break through, they will have the power of 51 dragons, or even more.
For example, Murong Ling is such a genius. The day after tomorrow, he will have eight heaven realms. Generally speaking, this realm only has the power of 70 dragons. But Murong Ling has achieved the power of 80 dragons.
This kind of existence belongs to the level of genius. Of course, some of the talents who are even more rebellious than Murong Ling can reach the power of 89 dragons and reach the peak of the power of dragons in the day after tomorrow.
Of course, this kind of genius is extremely rare. Even in the whole world, there are few such talents.
"It took nearly a month to break through the five heavenly realms the day after tomorrow. You are too slow." Looking at Murong Pena's happy face, Hetu shook his head and said.
The day after tomorrow
The power of ten dragons!
Generally speaking, there are only twenty dragons in the five heavenly realms the day after tomorrow, and the highest peak is the power of twenty-nine dragons. And Murong Pena has the power of sixty dragons.
The five heavenly realms, however, have the power of seven heavenly realms. Murong Pena's strength is against the sky.
However, it is his cultivation speed that is more rebellious than his combat power. Ten days, even if the time is accelerated, twenty days will grow from a waste that can't practice martial arts to today's wuchongtian
If such an astonishing cultivation speed is known by outsiders, Murong Pena will immediately become the most evil genius, and will be the target of numerous families.
It's just that Murong Pena didn't think about the relationship with Hetu for a long time. After all, the "chaotic celestial record" he is now cultivating is one of the most powerful skills in the world, and also has the peerless treasure of Hetu Luoshu. What else does he need?
Nothing is needed.
"The power of sixty dragons, plus the bonus of Prajna skill of dragon elephant, even Murong Ling has the power of World War I!" Murong Pena's eyes twinkled, leaving hetuoluoshu world, and then left the Royal Horse prison.
In the previous period, though Murong Pena's combat power has been improving, he has not left the Royal Horse prison. Not necessarily not.
The meaning of hiding.
It's not that he is afraid of those people. In fact, since he was able to practice martial arts, he has decided not to be bullied by anyone. Who dares to bully me? I'll knock you down with one punch.
However, the Murong family is a big family after all. The servants are OK and not strong. But if you meet those family members, with the strength of Murong Pena before, it's not enough.
Now, he has the power of 60 dragons. Among the young generation of Murong family, he is also a strong one.
"Boy, you are not afraid to meet Murong Ling and get knocked down by him?" Seeing Murong Pena swagger away from the Royal Horse prison, Hetu could not help sneering.
Murong Pena just sneered: "I can't practice martial arts before, it's just a waste. I can only tolerate their bullying. But now I don't have to. They insult me and bully me. I will repay them ten times! It's my stuff. I'll get it back. Even if it doesn't work for me, if I lose it, it's better to give it to those scum! "
At this point, Murong Pena's eyes flashed a cold light. He is also the collateral son of Murong family, but he is not even the lowest slave. How can he not hate it?
"As for the so-called cultivation talents, I Murong Pena will step on them one by one!" While talking, M
Urong Pena's mind kept passing those who had bullied him.
Murong Pena used to be a waste, unable to practice martial arts. But his memory is surprisingly good. Those who bullied him are deeply impressed in his memory.
Murong Zhi is in a bad mood today because, just in the morning, he was abused when he was competing with a person of the same level of Xu family.
As long as you find a powerful martial art and practice it, you can defeat the Xu family guy to avenge today.
This made Murong Zhi very angry. I thought I was not good at martial arts. After returning to Murong's house, he took several doglegs and walked quickly to the Sutra pavilion to find a powerful martial art after the Sutra Pavilion. After all, he will enter the state of six heavens the day after tomorrow.
When Murong Zhi was about to enter the Sutra Pavilion, he was hit by someone.
Murong Zhi, who was in a bad mood, immediately broke out and looked at the past angrily.
"I'm sorry." The man who bumped into Murong Zhi just said a word of shame. He didn't mean to stop. He was going to enter the Sutra Pavilion.
"Murong Pena, you punk, you want to die!"
Murong Zhi was even more angry when he saw that the man who hit him was a famous waste. "Damn it, even this punk dares to hit me, today I
You must be killed. "
Murong Zhi angrily drinks a sound, big hands suddenly out, toward Murong Pena's back neck and grabs it.
The speed is so fast that when we are about to catch Murong Pena's back neck, Murong Pena suddenly disappears.
Murong Zhi was so angry that he almost fell to the ground after a few steps in a flash.
Murong Pena avoids Murong Zhi's attack, stands beside him coldly and looks at Murong Zhi coldly: "Murong Zhi, what are you going to do? I just touched you, you're going to kill me? "
"You bastard, I'm so upright when you hit me. I don't want to kill you today. " Murong Zhi is furious. He steps forward and slaps Murong Pena in the face. In the process of operation, twenty Jiaolong appeared above Murong Zhi's head.
If the power of the twenty dragons is replaced by the former Murong Pena, he slaps him and kills him directly.
Murong Pena naturally felt Murong Zhi's murderous attack on himself.
"You want to die!" Murong Pena is furious, his eyes are full of murders, and he will take the first step.
Chapter 10 the genius of Murong family
Chapter 10 the first day of Murong family
For more than a decade, Murong Pena had one thing that she couldn't understand. Why don't the whole Murong family see themselves? Even those servants bully themselves at will?
Murong Pena asked himself that he was not bad. Although he was not handsome, he was also a pretty person with a good temper. But why?
Is it just because he is a waste who can't practice martial arts?
Well, Murong Pena admits that he is indeed one of the trash in the world who can't practice martial arts. Moreover, the amount of such waste is not much
Suddenly, this thought flashed in my heart, but it didn't hinder Murong Pena's action. Watching Murong Zhi's murderous fist come over, Murong Pena just sneered, one fist hit Murong Zhi's fist.
Murong Zhi is only the power of twenty dragons. Although the realm is similar to that of Murong Pena, the power of Murong Pena's sixty dragons is to suppress the past directly.
Click!
Murong Zhi screams! Under the absolute power of the town kill, his 20 dragon power is simply vulnerable. At the moment of the fist bombardment, his fist stood
That is to say, it's smashed.
Then, a strong breath from his broken fist poured into his arm
Click, click
The sound of the clear fracture continued to spread, only to see Murong Zhi's right hand twisted like a twist. Obviously, the bones of his hand were all broken.
Under the impact of powerful forces, Murong Zhi screamed and flew backward. In this process, Murong Pena stepped forward, slapped Murong Zhi hard on the face, and immediately took Murong Zhi out.
Puff!
Murong Zhi opened his mouth and spewed out a mouthful of blood mixed with several teeth, then fell on the ground mercilessly. He turned his eyes and went into a coma.
Ah...
When Murong Zhi fainted on the ground, everyone nearby reacted. Looking at Murong Pena in shock.
They didn't know when Murong Pena had such a great power. It's important to know that Murong Zhi is the warrior of the five heavens the day after tomorrow.
"Master Murong is in a coma. Damn it, you're such a waste. You beat Murong Zhi, young master. You really want to die. " Seeing Murong Zhi pass out in a coma, the two legs around him look at Murong Pena resentfully and curse constantly.
"You actually
You hurt Murong Zhi, you're dead! Master Murong Hao will kill you. "
Murong Pena's eyes narrowed slightly as he looked at the two legs of Zhenghuan who scolded him. These two dogs bully each other before.
One does not do two endlessly
Murong Pena took a step forward, rushed to the front of the two legs, and then clapped them out.
Bang! Bang!
Almost at the same time, the two bullies made a scream at the same time, and then they were directly shot up in the air.
After two loud muffled noises, the two legs hit a wall. I'm afraid I can't live because of the broken head, blood and bone.
"Go back and tell Murong Hao to take the waste back quickly, or it's none of my business to die." Murong Pena clapped his hands, swept the people still in shock, and then Shi ran entered the Sutra Pavilion.
Murong Hao, 19, is the first genius of Murong family. With the strength of the heaven realm of the day after tomorrow. It is said that when he was seventeen, he had already stepped into the realm of nine heavens the day after tomorrow.
Stagnated in the peak state of the day after tomorrow for two years, some people say he has entered the innate state.
19-year-old born strong! Even in the whole great Xia Dynasty and even in this Chinese era
The world is also a first-class genius.
Murong Hao was furious. He hated people who intruded into other people's rooms. Besides, he was a servant of Murong family.
At this time, Murong Hao is in the room after his cultivation. At this time, a body shape quickly rushed into the room.
When Murong Hao was about to teach the unruly servant a lesson, the servant fell on his knees in front of Murong Hao.
"Master Hao, master Zhi can't do it. Hurry to save him."
Murong Hao's face suddenly changed. He immediately grabbed Murong Xiang in the air with a big move. He looked at Murong Xiang angrily and shouted: "what do you say? Is Xiaozhi going to die? "
"Yes, master Zhi was defeated by Murong Pena. His life is in danger." Murong said after taking a deep breath.
Murong Hao is furious. He throws Murong's details out, and then his figure disappears. Spread out the body shape to rush towards the Sutra Pavilion at the fastest speed.
Before long, Murong Hao rushed to the front of the Sutra Pavilion. At this time, many people had been gathered in front of the Sutra Pavilion. Even those who were originally in the Sutra Pavilion came out and surrounded the neighborhood after hearing about it.
"Xiaozhi!"
See Murong Zhi in a coma on the ground, put his right hand on the ground.
Murong Hao immediately wanted to split his canthus, roared loudly, and then jumped up.
Take a pill from your body and feed it to Murong zhikou quickly. Then he looked at the injury of Murong Zhi Murong Zhi's half face is swollen and half of his teeth are gone.
These are not the most serious, the most serious is Murong Zhi's right hand, all the bones have been smashed, that is to say, Murong Zhi's right hand has been abandoned.
Unless there are those strong practitioners or elixirs in the cultivation world, murongzhi's hand can no longer be restored.
However, those immortals in the world of cultivation are high. Although their Murong family is powerful, they are not in the eyes of those immortals.
Even if Murong aristocratic family has this kind of elixir, it will not be wasted on Murong wisdom.
After checking that Murong Zhi has no life danger, but looking at Murong Zhi's wasted right hand, Murong Hao's eyes are angry.
"Murong Pena, get out of here!" Murong haomeng stood up and roared. There's a lot of anger in the voice.
"When was Murong Pena so powerful? How can you beat Murong Zhi to death? " A Murong family's son asked.
"Don't you know? In fact, Murong Pena suddenly became strong ten days ago when he came back. Now beat a slave to the core, and then
Murong Hong, the general manager of the Royal Horse prison, was beaten to death. "
"Oh, when has this waste become so powerful. But when the goods have strength, they are so arrogant? Even Murong Zhi dared to give up. I'm afraid I won't live long after offending Murong Hao. " Someone said disdainfully.
"It's said that Murong Hao has been promoted to be a congenital strong man. Murong Pena is just looking for death. What's more, Murong Hao has a father who is born with a natural state. "
"Look how this Murong Pena died." Everyone sneered. Although they were shocked that Murong Pena suddenly became powerful, no one sympathized with Murong Pena, and each felt that Murong Pena was bound to die.
"Murong Pena, get out of here and die!"
Murong Hao went to the front of the Sutra Pavilion, but he didn't enter it. He just drank at the door.
No fighting in the Sutra Pavilion! This is the rule of Murong family. Even if Murong Hao is the first genius of Murong family, he dare not rush in like this.
Murong Pena is wandering in the Sutra Pavilion, looking for the war skills suitable for cultivation. But he kept hearing Murong Hao's roar. He frowned and walked towards the gate of Sutra Pavilion.
"Where are the mad dogs barking here? What do you think of the Sutra pavilion? " Muron
Boom...
G Pena walked out slowly. Before the man appeared at the door, his voice had already spread far away.
After hearing Murong Pena's words, people outside the Sutra Pavilion couldn't help laughing. Murong Pena even said that Murong Hao was a mad dog on his first day. This is the first time that someone dares to insult Murong Hao like this.
Murong Hao was furious and turned his head and gave a cold look at the people behind him. These people were swept by him, the laughter suddenly stopped, and then they couldn't help but fight a cold war.
Did they dare to offend Murong hao? Even if they are both Murong's children, Murong Hao can easily kill them.
"Huh? So it's you? Which crazy dog did I think ran into Murong's? What do you want me to do? " Murong Pena approached the gate of the Sutra pavilion with a smile and looked at Murong Hao and said indifferently.
Murong Hao's eyes twinkled at Murong Pena: "did you hurt Xiaozhi?"
"It's just a dog. What if I hurt it?" Murong Pena despises it.
"Dare to go to Murong Hao's brother, you will die!" Murong Hao shouted angrily, his body was in a flash, his hands were clawed out, and he grabbed Murong Pena's neck.
Murong
Pena sneers, shakes her figure, takes a step back and enters the Sutra Pavilion. Then he shouted, "Murong Hao, how dare you do it in the Sutra pavilion?"
Murong Hao stopped the attack in an instant, but looked at Murong Pena with murderous vigour: "waste, dare you come out to fight with me?"
"So it is. I thought he was powerful. I wanted to rely on the protection of Sutra Pavilion. Waste is waste. Does he think he can hide in the Sutra Pavilion for a lifetime
"Maybe that's the plan."
Seeing Murong Pena dare not come out, the Murong family around him scoff.
"I'm a waste? Your brother Murong Zhi was beaten and maimed by such a waste as me. Isn't it better than me? If I am a waste, then are you and I the best of the waste? And what are you? Brother of trash? Or the waste in the waste? "
Murong Pena continued with a sneer: "you are a strong man who can't practice martial arts the day after tomorrow, but you want to fight with a waste who can't practice martial arts? You're not the best. "
In the face of Murong Pena's cynicism and Murong Zhi's affairs, Murong Hao became furious and killed more and more fiercely. Just, he really dare not do it in the Sutra Pavilion. However, in his heart, he was thinking about how to kill Murong Pena.
Chapter 11 March agreement
Chapter 11 within three months
"Waste is waste. Even if you suddenly have power, it's just waste. I dare to offend Murong Hao. I really want to die. If he dare to leave the Sutra Pavilion for half a step, he will be killed by Murong Hao. "
"Ha ha, I thought he would fight with Murong Hao. It's still such a wimp. "
"Brother, you dare not bet with me on how long Murong Pena will live." A Murong's son is going to make a bet on the spot.
"He must not live today. Unless he is afraid to come out of the Sutra Pavilion all the time. "
No matter what people around us talk about, they just despise Murong Pena very much. After all, Murong Pena defeated Murong Zhi, but in their mind, he was still just a waste.
Murong Pena just sneers at Murong Hao. On the surface, he looks at Murong Hao calmly.
"Murong Hao, the first day of Murong family. The day after tomorrow, even the strong who have stepped into the congenital realm? " Murong Pena said suddenly.
Murong Hao looks at Murong Pena in a murderous manner, and his murderous chance bursts out. He has already killed Murong Pena.
"Although I Murong Pena is a waste, I am not a soft persimmon! I remember clearly who bullied me. And Murong Zhi, I just take some interest from him! What did he do to me before? I won't kill him. He should be glad! "
"And you, the first day of Murong family, in my eyes, you are nothing more than that! You don't have to be murderous. I know you just want to kill me now. However, I am only five days after tomorrow, but you are the peak of nine days after tomorrow, even the innate state. "
"Arrogance!"
"But what if you were born? Three months, as long as three months, I can just beat you
Murong Hao's eyes were full of fire, and he looked at Murong Pena in a murderous way. He wished he could die with a slap.
"Did I hear you right? Murong Pena, the punk, said he could beat Murong Hao in three months? " Everyone around was shocked, and then they all laughed.
The waste of Murong Pena is known to the whole Murong family. How can they hold back their laughter when they hear this kind of talk?
"I'll give you one
However, they did not know that Murong Pena at this moment is no longer the waste Murong Pena used to be.
Three months today, I challenge you in the challenge arena! Life and death war! You can not accept it, or you can kill me now. "
"I'm not your match now! But three months later, I will step on your first day
At this moment, Murong Hao calmed down rarely, but his eyes were just splashing: "very good! Three months later today is when you die! "
Murong Hao even accepted the challenge of Murong Pena! Three months later, life and death in the arena! The news spread to Murong family in an instant. It shocked the Murong family.
In recent years, the Murong family has never lacked the person who challenges Murong Hao, the first genius. But there was no doubt that all the accidents were lost. It's just that Murong Pena, a waste, has to challenge Murong hao?
Before the voice fell, Murong Hao turned around and picked up Murong Zhi and disappeared into everyone's eyes.
Is this guy going to die?
"Murong Pena? The one who can't practice martial arts? He wants to challenge Murong hao? I'm afraid that Murong Hao killed him with one blow, right
"Let's see how the waste dies." There's a lot of talk, and no one likes Murong Pena
"It's just a waste. Maybe I want to be famous. Even challenge Murong Hao and don't see which onion he is. "
Murong Pena never cared about what the outside world said about her. How do those short-sighted guys know what they mean?
。 After all, Murong Hao is the best of the nine heavenly peaks and even the best of the innate realm.
Fighting against Murong Chi and challenging Murong Hao is just a plan of Murong Pena to become stronger. In fact, Murong Pena has become more and more confident because of his practice of "chaotic astrology".
Three months, a seemingly short time. But Murong Pena is sure to beat Murong Hao in three months.
In the Sutra Pavilion, Murong Pena is choosing some fighting skills that are suitable for his cultivation. Although these war skills are secular, Hetu is very disdainful.
But the fighting skills and skills that Hetu has are too advanced, and they are not what Murong Pena at this stage can practice at all.
Powerful forces also need to be supported by war skills. A good combat skill can play an extraordinary power.
There are many combat skills in the Sutra Pavilion, and even many of them are the best skills in the world. But in the end Murong Pena picked only two.
Tiger roaring fist and flying cloud four steps!
Since the beginning of practice, Murong Pena's memory has become extremely powerful, almost unforgettable. because
In less than half a day, he remembered these two skills in his mind, then left the Sutra Pavilion and returned to the Royal Horse prison.
When he returned to his room, Murong Pena closed the door and entered the world of hetuoluo.
Although he is sure to reach the level of the Ninth Heaven in three months, he dare not relax his cultivation.
There are only four moves of Huxiao huangquan: one is to roar and startle, another is to roar and turn the lake and the sea, three is to roar and open up, and all is to roar and extinguish the sky.
Huxiao huangquan is one of the top fighting skills of Murong family. Any child can practice. Of course, the children of Murong family can practice, but they can't let it out.
Murong Pena stood on the ground, closed his eyes, recalled the pithy formula of Huxiao huangquan in his mind, then suddenly opened his eyes, and a fist came out.
Boom!
Under the blessing of Murong Pena's 60 dragon power, a fist blows out, and the violent power bursts out. It really has the power of collapsing mountains and cracking the earth. It can be seen that Murong Pena's power turns into a tiger.
A roar, then roar the lake and the sea Roar the sky out!
According to the legend, when the combat skill is perfected, even the sky can be destroyed with one blow! In fact, this is just an exaggeration.
but
It's Murong Pena who knows that this set of combat skills is very powerful. Although it may not have the power to destroy the sky, it's easy to open a monument and crack a stone.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Murong Pena raised the strength to the limit, and bombarded it with one punch. The power of terror and even the empty space of bombardment made the sound explosion continuously.
Even when Murong Pena was practicing, the king of the mountains and the tiger howled faintly in the fist wind!
After one turn, Murong Pena found that he had successfully practiced all four moves of Huxiao huangquan. Of course, with his current strength, he can only perform the first move. The back three, only shape but no force.
"Even if you can only perform the first move, you have increased your strength by half." Murong Pena was so happy that he stopped practicing Huxiao huangquan and began to practice another combat skill, Feiyun four steps.
There are four layers in the four steps of flying cloud. Step by step, step by step, step by step, step by step, and step by step. In fact, this is not a combat technique, but a footwork.
The footwork pays attention to skill, while Murong Pena has no experience in cultivation. Even though he has excellent talent, it is very difficult to cultivate.
Therefore, half a day later, he also saw that the first level of this footwork was barely successful.
At the same time of Murong Pena's cultivation, Murong family's discussion about Murong Pena has never stopped. Murong Pena's challenge to Murong Hao even shocked the old generation of Murong family.
But who is Murong Pena? These predecessors are afraid that they have no impression of him at all. It was because of Murong Hao's relationship that he quickly learned about Murong Pena.
But when they knew about Murong Pena, they just laughed. "I just want to be famous and get the family's attention."
These people take it for granted that Murong Pena just wants to be famous and get the attention of Murong family. Because, in Murong family, this kind of thing happens almost every day.
"Big brother, why don't you kill that trash!" Murong family, an independent courtyard, a roar came out. The voice is very venomous.
In the room, Murong Zhizheng looks at his eldest brother Murong Hao angrily. However, if someone is here, you can see that Murong Zhi's arm, which was originally abandoned by Murong Pena, is in good condition without any trace of injury.
Elixir!
Murong Zhi must have taken the elixir. Only the elixir of those cultivators can keep Murong Zhi from being abandoned
Shoulders.
If Murong Pena were here, he would be surprised. This kind of elixir, even if there are few in Murong family, where did Murong Zhi get these elixir?
Murong Hao sat on the chair, looking at Murong Zhi, his eyes were shining: "three months, three months later, I can kill him openly!"
"Three months is too long. I wish I killed him now." Murong Zhi's murderous and gnashing looks.
"Xiaozhi, don't be impulsive! This kind of elixir is only the last one. If you have any more accidents, you will be really abandoned. " Murong Hao frowned and said coldly.
Murong Zhi sneers: "what are you afraid of? This kind of elixir has something to do with our mother. It's a big deal to ask for more when her mother comes back next time. "
Murong Zhi didn't care. There are not many such immortals in Murong family, but they do. Because their mother is a man of the school of cultivating immortals.
The assembly of cultivating immortals is about to start. Before leaving the family, he must wipe out all the people who dare to move Murong Zhi in Murong family.
"After this immortal cultivation meeting, I will join the immortal cultivation sect. You are alone in the family, but I am not sure." Murong Hao's eyes twinkled with fierce murders.
Murong Pena is the first!
Chapter 12 Nicole Keith
The annual meeting of cultivating immortals is held every three years.
The so-called assembly of cultivating immortals is just a gathering where the disciples of all the families gather together and are selected by the disciples of the cultivating immortals sects.
Although the martial arts in this world are superior. But after all, Xianfan is different. In the secular world, the strong in the innate realm is already the top strong.
However, the innate realm is only qualified to cultivate immortals. Those who were previously strong in the secular world, placed in front of the immortals, are completely ants.
Therefore, in this world, what the martial artists pursue is not innate, but the cultivation of immortals, but immortality, and longevity with the world.
Moreover, the cultivation of immortals is not very mysterious. Even in the secular world, the elderly and the three-year-old children all know the existence of the cultivation world.
But knowing that, as long as we don't reach the innate state, we are not qualified to enter the gate wall of Xiuxian school. Unless your qualifications are very outstanding and are discovered by the immortals, you will be admitted to the sect in advance.
Otherwise, would you like to visit your teacher? Then take part in the three-year immortal cultivation conference.
Of course, the immortal cultivation conference is not the only way for these immortal cultivation schools to receive disciples. In addition, every year of Xiuxian sect
They will open up the vast secular world to accept disciples.
The premise is that you can find the mysterious sects and pass their trials. Moreover, those who enter the cultivation sect through this way can only start from the lowest registered disciples.
However, those who join the gate wall through the immortal cultivation conference can directly become the official disciples of the immortal cultivation sect, and they can also worship teachers!
Therefore, every year's immortal cultivation conference attracts countless families and forces. Yes, the assembly is only aimed at these families or forces.
If you don't have a way, you don't even know where the immortal cultivation meeting will be held.
Murong Pena knows that, of course. What's more, the reason why he fought against Murong Zhi and dueled with Murong Hao was just for this so-called Xiuxian sect.
In the past, although he knew the immortal cultivation conference, he was just a waste, and he was not qualified to participate in it at all.
If he wants to participate in the immortal cultivation conference, he must be qualified. But how to qualify? As long as you defeat the first day of Murong family, he will be qualified.
He didn't believe that if he defeated Murong Hao, none of the Murong family would allow him to participate in the immortal cultivation conference.
If so, I'm afraid Murong Pena will go out of Murong family directly. Anyway, he has no sense of belonging to the family.
Murong Pena has the first wonderful book in the world, the book of hetuoluo, and the book of chaotic celestial bodies! Even if he doesn't join the sect of cultivating immortals, he can cultivate naturally.
Only Murong Pena knew the pain. Hetuoluo book, chaotic celestial record! Even if it's a river map These are really too advanced.
Advanced enough, Murong Pena can't use these things at all. Therefore, he must join a school of cultivating immortals. Only in that way can he enter the legendary world of cultivating immortals and become a God.
Hetuoluo book world.
Murong Pena practiced chaos celestial record, tiger roaring fist and flying cloud four steps in turn, and finally stopped the cultivation with satisfaction.
Chaos celestial record is one of the most powerful methods in the world. Even if Murong Pena is the only one who can get started and enter the first small realm of the first priority But after these days of cultivation, Murong Pena's strength has reached the level of the six heavens the day after tomorrow!
One blow, 80 dragon power!
This is the benefit of chaos celestial body and its cultivation.
The general master of heaven level after the day is only the power of 90 dragons. Murong Pena has only reached the level of six heavens, and has reached the power of eighty dragons, almost catching up with the power of nine heavens the day after tomorrow.
However, the state of the day after tomorrow, in front of the immortals, is even worse than ants. If you want to make a difference at the immortal cultivation conference a few months later and join a good immortal cultivation sect, Murong Pena will continue to work hard as long as you want to reach the innate level.
Since Murong Hong was beaten to death, Murong Pena was a local emperor in the Royal Horse prison. He didn't have to work, and the servants didn't complain.
Therefore, Murong Pena is very comfortable in these times.
Murong Pena left Murong family and walked aimlessly on the prosperous street of Anyi city. At this time, the cold winter season has gradually gone, spring is not far away.
It's a rare sunny day. Without heavy snow, the streets are clean.
As one of the top ten cities in the world, Anyi, the capital of the great Xia Dynasty, is extremely prosperous. Even though the weather is still cold at this time, the streets are extremely prosperous and lively.
All of a sudden, Murong Pena stopped and looked at a mansion in front of him, but his eyes were a bit gloomy. He breathed a sigh and said, "why did I come here for no reason?"
Zhao's residence is also a family. However, it is different from the giant like Murong family. Zhao's rise is too short, and far less than Mu
The Rong aristocratic family is powerful and can only be regarded as a general family.
However, Zhao Fu is not a pure martial arts family, but a business family. Controlling a huge business. It's reasonable to say that in Murong Pena's former position, it's impossible to compete with this Zhao mansion.
However, more than ten years ago, this Zhao mansion was just a common family. Not yet. At that time, Murong Pena was still young. By chance, he got to know a rich man in Zhao's mansion.
Nicole Keith, one of the golden ladies in Zhao's mansion. The relationship with Murong Pena is very good, even the childhood.
At the beginning, the Zhao family did not prohibit Nicole Keith from going to Murong Pena. After all, though Murong Pena was not so good at that time, he was a collateral son of Murong family.
However, later, as Zhao's business grew, Zhao's people despised Murong Pena. Finally, when Murong Pena was ten, Nicole Keith was nine
That time, Zhao Jiang gave Murong Pena a good beating.
Zhao Jiang, Nicole Keith's father, is a snob. That year, I beat Murong Pena one
Don, beat Murong Pena out of bed for almost half a year. In addition, Zhao Jiang seriously warned Murong Pena not to contact Nicole Keith that day, otherwise, he would beat him once if he saw him.
In Zhao Jiang's words, Murong Pena is toad eating swan meat.
Later, because of this, Murong Pena did not know how many times he was beaten by the servants of Zhao's mansion. He can't remember. However, gradually Murong Pena deliberately avoided Nicole Keith.
Murong Pena is not afraid of being beaten. He avoids Nicole Keith because he doesn't want Nicole Keith to be difficult Because every time Murong Pena is beaten, Nicole Keith will be severely punished by Zhao Jiang.
In fact, what Zhao Jiang said is not bad. Although Murong Pena is pretty, he is a waste who can't practice martial arts. Do toads like this want Nicole Keith?
It should be noted that Nicole Keith is a genius of cultivation. The cultivation qualification is even higher than the first day of Murong family. At the age of 15, we have reached the state of eight heavens the day after tomorrow.
This cultivation speed, even in Anyi city and even in the Xia Dynasty
Very few! And this time, if she goes to the immortal cultivation conference, she will surely be among those big sects and become an immortal cultivator.
It should be noted that such a genius is extremely rare even in the field of cultivation. Even if Nicole Keith hasn't reached the innate level, he will be robbed by various sects
Murong Pena stood in front of Zhao's house and looked at Zhao's face. But the two gate guards of Zhao's mansion looked at Murong Pena with disdain.
"Ha ha, isn't this Murong Pena? Just a waste, still want to get miss seven's attention? I don't know. " Said a guard with a sneer.
"Ha ha, our seven young ladies are high and precious, and they can be touched by such rubbish? But then again, even in the capital, there are many people who admire our seventh lady. " Another guard taunts Murong Pena loudly.
But when it comes to miss seven, they can't help but look admiring in their eyes.
The seven Miss they talked about was Nicole Keith.
As they say, Nicole Keith is not only beautiful, but also a genius. How many young talents admire them in Anyi? How many emperors
The palace aristocrat breaks through the threshold of Zhao's mansion and wants to say marriage?
As long as Nicole Keith can join the school of immortality and become an immortalist, what about these princes and nobles, even the sons of the great Xia Dynasty?
Worldly power and wealth are nothing in front of the immortals.
"Trash! Get out of here! Otherwise, I will be rude to you. " After mocking Murong Pena for a round, the two guards saw Murong Pena looking at Zhao's house with unchanged face, but they were not interested in driving Murong Pena away.
Murong Pena had a cold light between his eyebrows. Every time he passes by here, these guards have to jeer Murong Pena is used to it.
At this time, he really wanted to teach these dogs a lesson. But when he thought of Nicole Keith, he sighed, and finally left Zhao's front door with his back depressed.
Just, although Zhao Jiang is snobbish, but also know what kind of way to let her daughter go - Xiuxian!
Just after Murong Pena left, there was a carriage not far behind. The carriage stopped at the door of Zhao's mansion. However, the curtain of the carriage door was slightly lifted, showing a pretty face that was beautiful but a little green.
"Brother Murong, I must join the Xiuxian sect. I asked for one
Xiandan changes your constitution so that you can practice. " Looking at Murong Pena's depressed back, the pretty girl in the carriage showed a trace of heartache on her face. She couldn't bear it, but she was resolute.
If Murong Pena were here, he would know the identity of Nicole Keith, the gorgeous girl in the carriage.
Chapter 13. I'll take care of it
Murong Pena didn't know that Nicole Keith was back just after he left.
Chapter 13 I'll take care of it
"I hope Zhi Qing can join the school of cultivating immortals in this meeting." Murong Pena walked on the street in a low mood, but he thought about it.
But these emotions are too dim. Neither Murong Pena nor Nicole Keith is very clear. However, this hazy feeling still lingers in their mind.
For Nicole Keith, Murong Pena has a special feeling. In addition to that kind of childhood, it seems that there are two feelings between them.
Therefore, although over the years, Zhao Jiang has strongly cut off the relationship between them and forbid them to meet. Even over the years, Nicole Keith, a genius, has been sought after by many young talents. But they secretly met.
It's because of a certain feeling for Murong Pena that Nicole Keith wants to join the school of cultivating immortals, and asks for the elixir to let Murong Pena practice.
But unfortunately,
Crack!
They missed the meeting, and Nicole Keith didn't know Murong Pena was no longer a waste.
Murong Pena was in a low mood every time he passed by Zhao's gate. Today, he is also in a low mood. He has no interest in shopping any more. He goes to the Murong aristocratic family in the direction of indifference.
A big hand suddenly smacked Murong Pena on the shoulder.
Murong Pena was startled, the muscles on his shoulders quivered a little, and he was about to fight back. But at this moment, a voice sounded in his ear On hearing this, Murong Pena withdrew his counter attack power.
"You must have passed Zhao's mansion again, don't you?" The voice came, and a young man appeared in front of Murong Pena with a smile.
Murong Pena was ashamed. Although he was in a low mood, he was not alert. If it was the enemy, Murong Pena would be killed directly.
Looking at the young man in front of him, Murong Pena said angrily, "Florencio, you are a chaos. Haven't you heard that people are frightening and frightening?"
Florencio,
Florencio looked at Murong Pena with a smile: "you look like a kid and you're in a low mood. What about? Would you like to have two drinks? "
Murong Pena's only good friend and sworn friend, they have a wonderful relationship.
Florencio pointed to the "Jufu building" at the back and said to Murong Pena with a smile.
Jufu building is actually a restaurant. In Anyi, although it's not the top, it's also luxurious. Business is very hot.
"I'm afraid you'll make it? But if I drink too much, I'm afraid Uncle Li will be upset. " When they talked, they had already entered the Jufu building.
"Ha ha, Xiaoyu, it's hard for you to come here. It doesn't matter how much you can drink. Look at what you said, Uncle Li is like a miser. " Perhaps hearing Murong Pena's words, a middle-aged man with a certain resemblance to Florencio said with a smile in the lobby.
"Uncle Li is certainly not a miser. I'm afraid I will delay your business. " Murong Pena said, smiling at the middle-aged man.
"It's OK. If you are free, you can come here every day to eat and drink. Uncle Li can guarantee that. " Uncle Li said with a smile.
Murong Pena was about to speak, but was interrupted by Florencio:“
OK, you two should not be polite here. Dad, I'll go up with Xiaoyu first, and then come down to help later. "
Uncle Li, named by Murong Pena, is Florencio's father rosalia, who is also the owner of Jufu building. Florencio, of course, is the owner of this restaurant.
Murong Pena only had time to smile at rosalia's apology, and was immediately pulled up to the third floor by Florencio. A private room was opened directly. Anyway, Florencio is the owner of Jufu building. It doesn't matter if he opens a private room and asks Murong Pena to have something to eat.
Murong Pena doesn't mind, either, because he's used to it.
"Xiaoyu, why don't you leave that laoshizi Murong family? You are also a collateral son of Murong family, but you raise horses there! More than a slave. " As soon as she sat down, Florencio began to talk.
"You see, are you my brother? My dad is nice to you, too. If you come to our tavern to help, it's not easy to stand out with your head in the future. You just raise horses in Murong's house and are bullied all day. Do you think you have masochism
Murong Pena's ass hasn't been warmed up yet. He's been bombarded by Florencio
A fit.
Murong Pena just smiled at Florencio, and he didn't stop him from persuading him. Because he's used to it. And he knew that if he spoke, Florencio would have said more.
In fact, Florencio only means to let Murong Pena leave Murong family and go to Jufu building to help!
It's not Florencio's sympathy for Murong Pena or charity. Murong Pena is really worth it. Although Murong Pena can't practice martial arts, he is smart.
But, all along, Murong Pena didn't agree with Florencio. In fact, as Florencio said, if he helps here, it will be ten million times better than in Murong family.
It's just, Murong Pena never promised, why? It's not that Murong Pena is not willing to accept Florencio's invitation or help. In fact, it was Murong Pena's pride.
He can't practice martial arts, but he is a waste! Be despised by Murong family, even all people who know him! If we were ordinary people, we would have abandoned ourselves.
It's just that Murong Pena didn't have one, so
For some years, he has endured humiliation. Always insist on staying at Murong's house, in order to one day, he will rise strongly and trample all those who despise him under his feet.
Before that, though Murong Pena had that idea, he knew that he would never be able to step on others in his life. Just, he still insists.
But now, after he cultivated the chaotic astrology record, he is no longer a waste. He will soon be able to step on all the so-called talents of the Murong family.
Moreover, he knew that since the moment when he was kicked off the cliff by Murong Ling, he was no longer a person in the world. His road will be far away, he will be in the pursuit of immortality on this road.
Bang!
Murong Pena pondered, organized a language, and was about to tell Florencio that he was no longer a waste
The door of the private room was smashed open. Then a body shape rushed in. It seems that people's clothes are just people in jufulou.
Florencio frowned and was about to scold, but the man said in a panic: "no, No. The master was beaten down! "
"What?"
Florencio was startled, stood up and rushed out without saying a word.
Muron
G Pena frowned, his face suddenly darkened. He grabbed the man and asked coldly, "what's the matter?"
"It's the people of the cloud family. They have come to make trouble again. The master just said a few words and was beaten. "
"Cloud family!"
Murong Pena had a cold light between his eyebrows. Let go of the man's collar and he strode down.
The cloud family, an old rival of jufulou, is the behind the scenes family of the restaurant. The guest seems to be coming from the cloud and is not far away from the Jufu building.
Just, perhaps because of their poor management, the business is not as good as jufulou. However, the cloud family is also a martial family, and has always wanted to buy jufulou.
Rosalia certainly does not want to, even if it is a normal acquisition, rosalia will not agree. What's more, the cloud family only covets the business of jufulou, and can purchase at a reduced price?
Over the years, there have been frequent conflicts between the two restaurants. The main reason is that customers like clouds come to make a scene in Jufu building. So the two restaurants often have some friction.
However, in the past, the cloud family had a good control over it, and at most it was just sabotage. But today it's a fight! And it's rosalia.
It seems that the cloud family is impatient.
Murong Pena walked down the stairs with a gloomy face, and his eyebrows crossed the cold killing
Machine.
In this world, apart from the fact that the dead parents and Nicole Keith are really good to him, only the Florencio family is good to him. If it was before, Murong Pena might have to work nearby, because he couldn't help.
But today, Murong Pena doesn't want to see the Florencio family being bullied.
Just when Murong Pena landed on the first floor, a dark shadow flew over directly and finally fell in front of Murong Pena.
Bang!
Murong Pena takes a close look and finds that this person is Florencio!
At this time, Florencio's mouth was bleeding and his nose was blue and his face was swollen. It seemed that he had just been beaten hard.
"Dying!"
Murong Pena's anger rose. He picked up Florencio However, Florencio brushed him aside and said in a deep voice, "Xiaoyu, hurry back and don't meddle in this matter!"
Florencio, however, looked angrily at the man at the door of the restaurant. Murong Pena glanced, but saw rosalia sitting on one side of the ground, bruised and bruised, as if hurt.
"The sea of clouds! You bastard, I'll fight you! " Florencio looked at the 18-9-year-old youth at the door with red eyes.
"By you?" Cloud sea sneered: "the things that don't know how to live and die, our cloud family has given you enough time in these years. But the two of you who don't know how to live and die are not interesting. Do you really think our cloud family can't understand you? "
And those guys in Jufu building also fell on the first floor of the lobby. There was no one in the lobby, only a mess of tables and chairs.
"I tell you, from today on, jufulou will change its name to cloud!"
"You bastard, I'm going to kill you!" Florencio gnawed his teeth, looked at the sea of clouds with murderous vigour, and was about to jump on it. But it was caught by Murong Pena, but it couldn't move.
"Throw these two imperceptible things out to me. Be careful not to break anything here. These are the things of our cloud family. " The sea of clouds said with a smile.
"Beast!" rosalia shivered with rage and looked at each other. However, they are both ordinary families. How can they compare with the cloud family?
"Xiaoyu, you let me go! You go home immediately. It's none of your business, so leave it alone. " Florencio turns to look at Murong pen
A, in a deep voice.
"Why? You and Uncle Li have been so nice to me these years. If I Murong Pena just left, am I still a person? I'll take care of it! " Murong Pena said firmly.
Chapter 14 shock
Chapter 14 shock and awe
In a hurry, Florencio grabbed Murong Pena's hand. Yunhai and others are all warriors. Even Florencio is not their opponent. Murong Pena, who has always been called a waste, wants to take care of this matter. Isn't it death seeking?
So Florencio just grabbed Murong Pena's hand and didn't let him get involved.
Murong Pena was greatly moved to see Florencio's anxious appearance. At this time, rosalia's words made Murong Pena firmly believe: "Xiaoyu, it's none of your business. You can leave here. Uncle Li doesn't want to hurt you. "
Murong Pena shakes her head, but suddenly a big smile appears on her face. He looked at rosalia and Florencio, then smiled and said, "Uncle Li, Florencio, you two should not worry about me. I'm in charge of this. What cloud family, in my eyes is not bullshit
Although the cloud family is also a family, it is incomparable with such a huge thing as Murong family. Of course, Murong Pena doesn't want to solve this problem by taking advantage of Murong family's power. He needs to use his own power to solve it
Definitely.
Hearing Murong Pena say that his family's bullshit is not, Yunhai couldn't help but look at Murong Pena and laugh. However, his voice is full of fierce murders.
"Don't worry, I'm not the old Morong Pena anymore." Murong Pena said a word to Florencio seriously, then broke free of his hand and strode towards the sea of clouds.
“Murong Pena。” Murong Pena looked at the implication and said quietly.
“Murong Pena？ The name seems a little familiar. Well, I remember, aren't you the Murong family's trash? Ha-ha! Do you mind your own business if you are a junkie who can't practice martial arts? "
Yunhai looks at Murong Pena with disdainful eyes and sneers: "since you are going to take care of this, I can't be generous, can I? Somebody, break this crap and throw it out to me. "
With the voice of the cloud sea, the two servants of the cloud family strode up. Grinning grimly at Murong Pena, about to start.
Break hands and feet!
"Ha ha, boy, who are you?"
Murong Pena's eyebrows are covered with a cold killing machine. This sea of clouds is so vicious at a young age! I think it's the cloud family's business
It's not a good person.
In their cognition, it's overqualified to ask the two martial artists to deal with the waste that can't practice martial arts.
But I can't help it. The master told me to kill them. They can only do it!
It's time to grab Murong Pena's shoulder At this time, in the tavern, came the voice of Florencio and rosalia, all worried.
The two big men grinned grimly, their big hands accelerated abruptly, and quickly grasped the past. However, at this time, they feel that their big hand is blocked.
"Huh?" The two men were shocked and thought that the warrior had made a move. But when they saw it, it was Murong Pena who grabbed his two fists.
"Boy, don't blame us. Blame yourself for dying." The two men grinned grimly and reached out and grabbed Murong Pena's shoulder.
They were surprised first, then furious.
A martial artist in his own hall has been caught by a waste who can't practice martial arts! It makes them feel humiliated. Angry kill, roar, the power is surging, and Murong Pena's fist will be smashed.
It's just, when they burst out of power, that's what
I found that my fist couldn't move forward one point! Even Murong Pena's fist, which grabs his fist, is like two mountains standing in front of him.
They were shocked again. When their hands shook, they would take them back. Murong Pena's two fists, however, remained motionless, holding them firmly in place like iron tongs.
Now, they know that they have met a master.
What kind of rubbish is this handsome young man in front of me. It's a martial arts expert! The two of them are wuchongtian warriors the day after tomorrow, but the other side can control themselves so easily!
Each other's cultivation is at least stronger than the two of them.
Two big men roared, and the other fist hit Murong Pena's head.
Murong Pena's eyes flashed through the cold machine and snorted. Then he shook his hands and swung them.
Bang! Bang!
The two men couldn't resist at all. They were like two pieces of wood, which were swung by Murong Pena and then smashed on the ground.
After two loud noises, the two men hit the ground hard. The powerful force broke out, and the hard floor was suddenly broken.
Two martial arts of the heaven after tomorrow
Those who are hit are even more dizzy.
At the sight of this scene, all the people present were stunned.
Florencio stared at Murong Pena, her eyes twinkling, her heart excited.
What's the matter? Isn't Murong Pena a legendary waste? Why are you so brave today? Those two are the warriors of the day after tomorrow. They are so powerful that they are so vulnerable in front of Murong Pena?
"Uncle Li, Florencio, they hit you with that hand or foot?"
"Left hand." , "right foot." , "right hand." , "left foot."
When Murong Pena asked, rosalia, Florencio and even the staff of jufulou said in unison.
Murong Pena twinkles with cold eyes, "good, hands and feet. Do you two bully a lot of people with your hands and feet? In that case, I will interrupt you today. "
As he spoke, Murong Pena strode up, stepping hard on a big man's thigh.
Ah!
The shrill scream accompanied by the crisp fracture sound came out, which made people's bones weak but scared at the same time.
Just, Murong pen
A but he stepped on his big feet. Only in a short time, the voice of fracture came one after another, along with the shrill scream of the big man.
"Noisy!"
Murong Pena frowned and murmured at the scream of the big man. Then he kicked the two guys out with two feet in a row.
In a moment, the restaurant was quiet.
"What? Are you looking at me like a monster? " Murong Pena clapped his hands and suddenly laughed. The murderous spirit just now is awe inspiring, and the murderous machine splashes like the spring breeze, which can't be dissipated in an instant.
"This Xiaoyu, when did you become so fierce? " Florencio slapped himself on the chin, closed his big mouth, and went towards Murong Pena with a strange cry.
Meanwhile, rosalia looked at Murong Pena in shock.
Murong Pena just smiled and said, "I'm sorry, I haven't even told you that I'm not the old trash."
"You boy." Florencio laughed and was really happy for Murong Pena.
"You You are such a waste. You are really looking for death! " From Murong
Hearing the sound, Murong Pena's face immediately cooled. Immediately he turned around, looked at the sea of clouds coldly, and strode up at the same time.
After Pena abandoned the two men, Yunhai looked at Murong Pena in a daze, with a look of shock. And his twinkling eyes are to tell others the fear in his heart.
The crisp slap sound spread far away. No one in the audience could even see how Murong Pena did it. He slapped the handsome face of Yunhai.
Crack!
The sea of clouds screamed, and the whole man was whipped out like scum. In the process, his big white teeth were spewed out with a mouthful of blood.
Bang!
Yunhai falls down on the street outside Jufu building. The handsome face swelled up. However, the pain in the body is not as fierce as the anger in his heart.
"You're dead! How dare you beat me, you're dead, you're dead! " The sea of clouds roared with anger.
"Shut up!"
Murong Pena stepped out of the Jufu building in two steps, stood in front of him and looked down at the sea of clouds on the ground: "I warn you! Florencio is my good brother. If you dare to move jufulou again, don't
"You're dead! Jufulou is dead! You will die. " Yunhai looks at Murong Pena bitterly. If he is not as good as Murong Pena, he may have killed Murong Pena long ago.
Blame me for killing you! "
Murong Pena frowned and looked at the sea of clouds: "if there is any damage to Jufu building, I will let your cloud family disappear in this world! Get out of here! "
Murong Pena gave a cold drink and kicked the sea of clouds out.
"Isn't this the young master of the cloud family? How can I be beaten like this? "
"It's said that the one who beat him is Murong Pena. When did Murong Pena become so fierce? "
"Huh? Does the cloud family want to make Murong family
"Idiot, even if you give the cloud family a hundred courage, they dare not make Murong family's idea. But Murong Pena is the waste of Murong family. Now he has a conflict with the cloud family. I don't know the Murong family's attitude. "
Murong Pena just glanced at the people in the street indifferently, and then quickly walked into the Jufu building. At this time, those guys in jufulou came out one after another and began to clean up the mess.
"Xiaoyu, you offended the cloud family. Later
I'm afraid it's not easy. " Murong Pena just came in, rosalia said anxiously.
"Uncle Li, don't worry. I don't pay attention to a cloud family. If they dare to make trouble again later, you will inform me, and I will beat them to death. " Murong Pena said confidently.
Yes, it's just a cloud family. Murong Pena didn't pay attention at all. After all, although he is not strong enough now, it is not easy for him to reach the innate state with his cultivation speed?
Murong Pena's goal is to live forever! As long as time goes by, he will sweep through the world of cultivation, even the legendary fairyland or heaven.
Florencio is Murong Pena's good brother. The rosalia family treat him so well that Murong Pena can't watch the cloud family bully them.
"I hope the cloud family will be more restrained. Otherwise, I don't mind letting them disappear in the world. " Murong Pena's eyebrows are covered with a cold killing machine.
Chapter 15 war
"Murong Pena, get out of here!" Shortly after Murong Pena entered the Jufu building, there was a thundering sound outside.
The voice is loud and bright, which contains a terrible opportunity to kill. It shocks people's ears and makes people palpitate. Even, some ordinary people are really upset by the angry sound.
Murong Pena's eyes narrowed slightly, and a cold light flashed over her. He nodded to Florencio and strode out. After that, rosalia and his son followed closely.
On the street, a murderous strong man of about twenty-five or six years old stood in the middle of the street, and his eyes were even more furious looking at the side of Jufu building.
At the moment of seeing Murong Pena, the young man roared and his breath became more violent. He glared at Murong Pena: "are you Murong Pena? Is that you hurt Yunhai? "
Murong Pena came to stand about three meters in front of the youth and looked at each other indifferently: "what? Hit the small one and the big one will come out? Who are you? "
"I'm Yunhai, Yuncheng! You bastard, take your life. " Cloud into a roar, step forward,
One punch at Murong Pena and he went.
Murong Pena sneers and steps "four steps of flying clouds". After shaking his body, he moves out sideways to avoid Yuncheng's attack.
"Yunhai deserves it. I don't want to fight you. You go. " Murong Pena didn't fight back, just said indifferently.
"Big brother, you must avenge me, kill this waste!" Not far away, the sea of clouds has come to life. At this time, he is looking at Murong Pena with a look of resentment and gnashing his teeth.
Yun Cheng angrily drinks and looks at Murong Pena with murderous spirit: "two choices, you decide yourself or I will take your life personally."
Murong Pena's eyes flashed a cold light, and he looked at Yuncheng with indifference: "since you want to die, I will complete you!"
Murong Pena was really angry. This so-called cloud family is just a general family. It's just bullying. Those who didn't provoke Murong Pena are lazy to meddle.
But since they were going to move Jufu building, they got into Murong Pena. Naturally, he will not be polite to the cloud family again. The reason why he didn't want to fight with Yuncheng was not that he was afraid, but that he didn't want to have a deep grudge.
After all, Murong Pena no
I'm afraid of the cloud family, but Florencio and them still have to live here
Boom!
Suddenly, a terrible breath broke out in Yuncheng, sweeping all directions. The dragon with ninety teeth and claws is hovering in the void above his head, with endless pressure sweeping all directions.
The power of ninety dragons, the day after tomorrow, nine realms of heaven!
Cloud into a murderous roar, a foot of fierce step out. The hard street was immediately broken by him, and a crack was opened, which was shocking.
"Boy, I just broke through the nine heaven realm a few days ago. Now I'll test your sword!" Yun Cheng smiles grimly and kicks his right foot on the ground.
When the terrible force broke out, the ground immediately broke and a huge crack opened. Yuncheng, on the other hand, has risen to fight against Murong Pena like an eagle.
"It's really a waste to break through the nine heaven realm the day after tomorrow."
Murong Pena sneers, power flows. No less than the breath of cloud spread out from him and swept in all directions. Eighty concise Black Dragons hovered over his head, roaring and sending out the power of dragons to frighten the heaven and the world.
"The power of eighty dragons! How could it be that he is only a state of six heavens, how could he have the power of eighty dragons! " When Murong Pena showed his strength, the
Then the warrior breathed out his voice.
Murong Pena's strength is not high, only the day after tomorrow. General friars, even those legendary super geniuses, only have the power of 49 dragons at most after this realm.
But Murong Pena achieved the power of 80 dragons. That's the power of eight talents the day after tomorrow!
For a moment, the people around were shocked. Even Yuncheng was surprised.
However, immediately Yuncheng sneered: "even if you are the power of eighty dragons, what? I will crush you to death with the power of ninety dragons! " At the same time, Yun Cheng has punched Murong Pena's head and then he came out.
It's vicious. It's clear that he wants to take Murong Pena's life.
Murong Pena, the legendary waste, had the power of eight heavens when the day after tomorrow was six?
Murong Pena's face was cold and his eyes were shining. After all, the other side has more power than him, and the gap in quantity directly suppresses his momentum.
But Murong Pena is not afraid.
I saw that he stepped on the "four steps of flying clouds" and was like a dragon swimming. He went to meet Yuncheng with a fist.
Murong Pena
"Dragon Prajna skill!"
Boom!
A roar and a punch. After his death, the illusion of one dragon and one image appeared. At the same time, the power of the 80 dragons in the void above his head was roaring, gathering into a terrible force, combining with the one dragon and one image behind him, and colliding with the fist of Yuncheng fiercely.
After the big bang, the two bodies fly back and fly over the two streamers in the void.
"Tear the heart and tear the lung and claw the feet."
At one stroke, the two were almost the same, between Bo Zhong.
Murong Pena roared in his heart and used one of the seven moves corresponding to the Prajna skill of the Dragon These seven moves were later handed to him by Hetu when he was practicing Huxiao huangquan.
This is because he Tu despises Huxiao huangquan and thinks that set of boxing is too low-level. It's only possible to teach Murong Pena the matching skills of the Dragon elephant Prajna skill. This guy lied to Murong Pena before saying that there was no corresponding move of the Dragon elephant Prajna skill, which depressed Murong Pena for a long time.
...
I saw Murong Pena rise in the air and kick out with the shadow of dragon elephant! The terrible power broke out from his feet and tore the sky and the ground, as if the void had been shaken. It's a terrifying and terrifying voice.
Seeing Murong Pena's terrible attack, Yuncheng's face was heavy. He had a big drink:
The cloud turned into a flash of light, like thunder and lightning, rushing to Murong Pena. In the process, he became claws with both hands, and turned into a dragon. He grabbed the feet kicked by Murong Pena.
"Six claws of Yunlong!"
The two sides collided with each other rapidly, and a terrible force broke out. The dust was flying, the sky was collapsing, and the earth was sweeping in all directions.
Boom!
Originally, the whole flat street was even broken by the power of the two of them.
Both of them fly out as soon as they touch each other.
Murong Pena was shocked. Yuncheng is worthy of being the master of jiuchongtian the day after tomorrow. He is extremely powerful. When he catches it with one claw, he directly breaks his fierce attack.
However, compared with Murong Pena, Yuncheng is more shocked! After all, he is a master of the power of ninety dragons, ten more than Murong Pena.
In terms of power, Murong Pena was suppressed.
But after a battle, Murong Pena was stronger than he thought. The suppression of the power of the ten dragons did not seem to distance Murong Pena.
"The day after tomorrow, the Ninth Heaven is no more than that."
Murong Pena
With one punch, the surrounding space was directly hit and flew out, giving out a horrible sonic boom.
One, knead body to rush up again. Only he called him "flying cloud four steps", one step across a Zhang distance, the second step out, he has already soared.
Cloud into the murderous, the whole body breath violent, like the rough waves. He broke the ground with one foot, and the whole man rose like a meteor to meet Murong Pena.
"Yunlong six moves fist!"
With one blow, the sky is falling apart, the sun and the moon are not shining, the terrible atmosphere erupts, the world is appalling, and the houses on both sides of the bombarded Street are crumbling.
Boom!
After the big bang, they were shaken out again. However, there was no pause between the two men. They steadied their bodies and then killed them again.
In the void, Murong Pena directly exerts the second type of "thousand army elephant pulling fist" of "dragon elephant Prajna skill".
The power of fury is like the breath of stormy waves. For a while, the two fight to madness! A wave of war rose, killing infinite.
Under the pressure of absolute power, Murong Pena had the Dragon elephant Prajna skill to improve his skill, but at first he was only able to draw with Yuncheng.
However, as they fought dozens of battles back, Murong Pena's moves became more and more
Be skillful In fact, it was his first fight.
Combat experience tends to zero indefinitely. However, after dozens of rounds of the war, Murong Pena gradually suppressed Yuncheng.
Yuncheng is more and more shocked!
After decades of fighting, he felt a little weak. However, Murong Pena was more powerful in the Vietnam War, and even had a tendency to suppress himself.
Boom!
Yuncheng hits Murong Pena's chest with a fist. The terrible force is like a flash flood. He directly blows Murong Pena out with blood.
However, Murong Pena's foot also pulled the cloud out.
Kill!
Murong Pena takes a breath of blood, but the momentum is more and more fierce. After a big drink, he kneaded himself again.
Yuncheng was shocked. He was kicked by Murong Pena. Although the bone was not broken, he was also tossed by the bombarded Qi and blood and his breath was disordered.
However, he was also a cruel man after all, and once again he fought with Murong Pena.
gigantic and vigorous!
In addition to the dragon of power, Murong Pena
From time to time, with his fists, kicks and kicks, he turned into dragon, tiger and various visions.
"Die!"
All of a sudden, Murong Pena roared, and a tiger roaring fist directly hit Yuncheng's chest.
Click!
Clear fracture sound spread, cloud Cheng spits blood and flies out. However, Murong Pena was slapped on the ground by Yuncheng.
"Cough..." Yun Cheng coughs up blood, stands up difficultly, his chest collapses into a large piece, and his breath is disordered. But I can't fight any more.
Chapter 16 physical supremacy
Chapter 16 respect of constitution
Murong Pena was slapped on the ground by the cloud and was dazed by the impact of the huge force. However, he is a chaotic celestial body, with unparalleled resilience.
It's not the same as Yuncheng's chest. Murong Pena was in a mess, but he was not seriously injured. But when he got up from the ground, he was a bit of a shambles.
However, when he saw the cloud slowly towards him, his brow was slightly wrinkled.
At this point, on the surface, Murong Pena just looks a little embarrassed. But the reality is only known to him. At this moment, his internal strength has been exhausted.
After all, he has only been practicing for less than a month. Although the power is strong, it has reached the power of 80 dragons. It's just his first fight. He has no experience and doesn't control the power.
It can even be said that the power he was consumed was not to fight out, but a large part of it was wasted.
"You still have to fight?"
Although the power is exhausted, Murong Pena stands proudly on the street and looks at Yuncheng coldly.
Yuncheng's eyes are shining
Li Zaji looks at Murong Pena and the cold Zaji splashes out. At this moment, Yuncheng is eager to kill Murong Pena.
But the strength of Murong Pena shocked him.
The day after tomorrow, he will have nine heavenly realms and ninety dragon powers! Ten more than Murong Pena. In other words, ordinary people, with the power gap of ten dragons, killed each other directly.
However, Murong Pena fought with him for dozens of rounds! Not only was he not suppressed because of the power gap, but he was seriously injured.
At this moment, Yuncheng has a large number of chest fractures, and has no power to fight again.
“Murong Pena！ Good. I remember today. I will take your life in the future. " Yuncheng looks at Murong Pena and says with a sneer.
Murong Pena shrugged nonchalantly: "I'm just six days after tomorrow, today we are even. You are definitely not my opponent once I break through the realm in the future. "
Cloud into a trembling figure, eyes of the explosion shot out a cold machine.
Murong Pena is telling the truth that only the day after tomorrow will have the power of 80 dragons. With the power of 90 dragons, he drew. What if he breaks through the seven heaven realm the day after tomorrow? There will be more
Little dragon power?
Once the opponent has the same dragon power as himself, will he still be his opponent?
At the thought of this, Yuncheng's heart flashed a violent anger, and he had the impulse to kill Murong Pena. However, in the end, he sighed and dared not kill Murong Pena.
After all, Murong Pena is a waste of Murong family. But he dares to kill Murong Pena. If Murong family pursues this, how can his little cloud family compete with Murong family?
Yuncheng picked up the sea of clouds and walked slowly. On the street, people watched Murong Pena pointing. It's just amazing the power of Murong Pena.
Even some people who know Murong Pena's identity have been trumpeting it.
Murong Pena just glanced at the crowd indifferently, then walked back to Jufu building with a weak body.
"Xiaoyuzi, it's amazing. You beat Yuncheng! He is the master of the day after tomorrow Florencio ran over, slapped Murong Pena on the shoulder and said excitedly.
Murong Pena grinned, and his weak body almost flew out by Florencio. only
However, Murong Pena was also very happy to see his friends excited.
"By the way, weren't you a junkie who couldn't practice martial arts before? When did it get so bad? I don't want to tell you how bad it is. I'm worried. " Florencio was like a chatterbox. He was dazed by the sound of his words bombing Murong Pena.
"What are you talking about, son? Let Xiaoyu go back to have a rest. " Rosalia gave Florencio a fierce look and said in a deep voice.
Florencio just smiled and strode into the Jufu building with Murong Pena.
"I'm a little weak. I'll recover my strength first."
"No problem." Immediately, Florencio found a room for Murong Pena to recover his strength.
...
Murong's home.
"What? Murong Pena has reached the power of 80 dragons? Is it just the day after tomorrow? " Hearing the report from his subordinates, Murong Ling's eyes flashed a sharp kill.
He has reached the state of five heavens the day after tomorrow, but
"How is it possible? The day after tomorrow, six heavens will have the power of eighty dragons? Even defeated Yuncheng the day after tomorrow? " Murong Zhi came over and shouted.
"Young master, I have seen it with my own eyes."
But only twenty dragons! Murong Pena is just a little higher than him. How can he have more than 60 dragon powers?
"Well, you go down." Murong Ling's eyes twinkled, and his face darkened after he waved back the slave.
"Big brother. Isn't that a waste that can't be cultivated? Now how suddenly has become so fierce. If you kill him directly, it's not good. " Murong Zhi's eyes twinkled with a venomous look like a poisonous snake, and he said with gnashing teeth.
When Murong Pena abandoned his hand that day, he still remembered it, and his hatred for Murong Pena grew stronger and stronger.
"Even if he has reached the level of nine heavens the day after tomorrow? Kill him with one finger. " Murong Ling said with a sneer and indifference.
"Elder brother, you must kill this tusk in two months!" Murong said bitterly.
Murong Ling nodded slightly: "he will surely die."
Ju Fu Lou.
After telling no one to disturb, Murong Pena went directly into the world of hetuloshu and began to recover his strength.
As soon as Murong Pena appeared in the world of Hetu Luoshu, Hetu appeared in front of him. And look at Murong pen
A, just shaking his head.
"As a chaotic celestial body, you have exhausted your power in dealing with a waste of nine days after tomorrow. You are really a miracle." He Tu looked at Murong Pena and shook his head for a long time before finally saying.
Murong Pena rolled his eyes and almost passed out in a coma with vomiting blood: "boss, I'm not you. He's three small States higher than me. And this is my first fight. It's good to be able to do so. "
He Tu's eyes show disdain: "do you know what's the greatest benefit of chaotic celestial bodies?"
Staring at the river map, Murong Pena felt all kinds of discomfort. He stared at the river map and said discontentedly, "what are you doing?"
Murong Pena shook his head. He really didn't know that.
Hetu did not speak, but pointed to Murong Pena's body.
"Body?" Murong Pena hesitated.
He Tu nodded: "there are all kinds of constitutions between heaven and earth, but the chaos celestial body is the supreme of all kinds of constitutions! What do you mean? This is because chaos is the most powerful body! Any constitution is far less than chaos. Moreover, people with chaotic celestial body constitution are different from ordinary monks. "
"The common friars rely on all kinds of magic weapons and weapons. But these are just inferior
Means. Do you know the most powerful magic weapon in the world? What is the magic weapon? "
"Flesh! Only the body is the most powerful magic weapon, the divine soldier! Do you know why those demon friars became human? This is because the human body is the most mysterious body. Have unlimited potential. Especially all kinds of constitution. If you cultivate your body to the extreme, any magic weapon and magic weapon will be vulnerable! The body is the most powerful magic weapon and magic weapon! "
Speaking of this, a majestic figure emerges in the mind of the river map. That person's strong, regardless of the world magic weapon, how powerful the Shenbing, he just a blow out, the sky is falling apart, everything is smashed!
"After all, magic weapons and magic weapons are only external forces, and the body is the most powerful. You just need to remember that. " After he Tu said this, he left.
"Is the flesh the most powerful?" Murong Pena sat down and chewed the previous words carefully.
"What's the difference between flesh and chaos?" Murong Pena muses. Now his strength is too weak and small, and the advantages of chaotic celestial bodies have not been shown at all.
But, even if it is, let him reach 80 in the next six days
Murong Pena shakes his head in a daze, not to mention the magic weapons. He has never seen even the lowest magic weapons in the world of cultivation.
"I'm looking forward to what surprises I get from chaos. What is the point of the chaotic celestial body that has achieved great success in cultivation? "
Dragon Power
The use of strength, the attack of moves, the manipulation of strength and so on give him a sense of instant brightness.
In the following time, Murong Pena recovers the consumed power and sums up the battle with Yuncheng. After his strength recovered, he also summed up a lot of valuable experience.
"It seems that fighting is the best way to improve our strength." Murong Pena stood up and felt the change of his power, exclaiming.
Because he found that although his realm did not break through, the power of the Dragon did not change much. But his strength has improved a lot.
"Xiaoyuzi, it's done so soon?" Seeing Murong Pena coming out of the room, Florencio, who had been guarding the door, was greatly surprised.
Murong Pena has spent half a day in the world of hetuoluo, but in reality, it is less than an hour.
"How is it?" Murong Pena asked in a low voice.
"Fortunately, the people of the cloud family have no movement for the time being." Florencio's face darkened and a cold light flashed in her eyes.
"Don't worry, I'll take care of it. It's just a small cloud family, which is not in my eyes. " Murong Pena said with a sneer. As long as he breaks through to the congenital realm, he alone can destroy the cloud family.
"Well, we don't have to worry about these things for the time being. Let's go for a drink." Florencio laughs and pulls Murong Pena out.
Chapter 17: the immortal
Half a month has passed since that day.
I don't know if it's because of the scruples of Murong family or other reasons. Since the battle between Yuncheng and Murong Pena that day, the cloud family has converged a lot.
No one went on to deal with jufulou and Murong Pena.
This, of course, is what Murong Pena would love to see. After all, he is still weak. If there is a real conflict with the cloud family, the Murong family will not appear, but the cloud family has a natural expert.
Although Murong Pena is powerful, it is hard to compete with the inborn experts.
In the process, Murong Pena spent the rest of his time at home, except for an occasional visit with Jufu building.
Murong Pena has been practicing for a month in the book of hetulo, which has doubled the speed of time. In addition to the previous time, Murong Pena has been practicing for two months.
The battle with Yuncheng that day touched Murong Pena very much. After he Tu's promotion, Murong Pena began to cultivate his body in the following time.
In the world of Hetu Luoshu, a vigorous body like a black dragon keeps on playing moves. As the Dragon soared and the tiger roared, a strong breath came out of him. It's terrible to suppress heaven and earth.
At the end of the power station, Murong Pena vomited the turbid air on the first floor. There was a smile on his face: "dragon like Prajna skill, tiger roaring huangquan, flying cloud four steps!"! As time goes on, so does the power. It's at least ten times more powerful than when we fought against the cloud! "
In one month, his strength still reached the state of eight heavens the day after tomorrow! At the beginning, when it was only the six heavenly realms, he had the power of eighty dragons.
Now, the dragon power of Murong Pena is far beyond the general level of the nine heavens after tomorrow.
"It's just the day after tomorrow. Look at you I don't know when, he Tu suddenly appeared beside Murong Pena and said scornfully.
Murong Pena rolled her eyes and didn't want to talk to this guy. In addition to the blow, this guy This guy is happy to beat himself.
"Well, don't talk about those immortals and gods. It's important to know that this is secular time. I'm good enough to have this strength." After all, Murong Pena couldn't help turning her eyes.
"Short sighted!" The river map is despicable.
Looking at Murong Pena, he said: "in a world with such strong vitality, even if you don't practice, you can reach the highest level in half a year. Even if you enter the innate level, it is a natural force."
Murong Pena jumped up and looked at the picture of the river inconceivably: "what you said is true?"
"Is it necessary for me to deceive you? Boy, I tell you, in this world, the day after tomorrow is just a small realm, and the birth is only a small realm, all of which are not in the flow. Only to achieve... " The brow of Hetu frowned slightly, and then he said: "that is to say, the foundation period in your world of cultivation is just barely stepping into the threshold of cultivation."
Murong Pena silence
"Boy, I didn't hit you. If you can't reach the so-called foundation building period within half a year, then it's really outrageous. You don't need to practice, just find fast tofu and die. "
Within half a year, the foundation period is reached!
The so-called foundation period is the first realm in the realm of cultivating immortals. Only when it reaches this realm can it be regarded as real cultivation. But under the foundation building period can only be said to be martial arts.
After the peak of jiuchongtian, it is the foundation period. That is to say, if we want to reach the foundation period, we must break through the peak of the nine heavens.
"Former master, from mortal within three months
At one stroke, the foundation will be built. " After he Tu left this sentence, he drifted away.
Murong Pena is silent.
He was hit. He spent two months on his own, but he didn't reach the innate level. The former master of hetulo has reached the foundation period within three months.
Strike, it's a naked strike.
"Since the abnormal man reached the foundation building period in three months, I can do what he can! Well, even if I can't, I won't miss him too much! "
Time is like running water at the fingertips, which is rapidly lost. Soon, there was only half a month left between Murong Pena and Murong Hao in March.
After a long time, Murong Pena's eyes twinkled with determination.
During this time, Murong Pena spent most of his time in the world of hetuoluo. Rarely walk around Murong family. Even Jufu building is rarely visited.
More than two months later, Murong Pena's original shock and awe seems to have disappeared with time. Or maybe it's because Murong Pena didn't walk around Murong's house. He was gradually forgotten.
On this day, Murong Pena left the Royal Horse prison and was about to leave Murong's house to go to jufulou.
Shua!
Suddenly, Murong Pena felt something and looked up at Helena.
In the sky, a stream of light, like a meteor, flies towards the city of Anyi at a terrible speed.
"Is it a meteor? What a terrible breath! "
Murong Pena's eyes narrowed, looking at the fast-moving meteor. However, at this moment, an extremely terrible breath came from all over the world, making people feel palpitation, extremely terrible.
"This is..."
Murong Pena was surprised. In addition to the terrible breath, Murong Pena saw the meteor rush towards Murong's house.
"Huh?"
Murong Pena's powerful breath disappeared in a flash. At this moment, the streamer has rushed to the front of Murong's house.
"It's a man!"
At this time, Murong Pena finally saw the streamer clearly. It was a young man with a flashing sword. The young man is dressed in a white shirt and has a unique temperament. The whole person has a huge breath and a trace of fairyland.
Shua!
The youth appeared outside Murong's home, and disappeared with a swish.
"Xiu Xian"
People! Flying with the sword! "
"What a powerful breath."
Murong Pena's eyes twinkled. He was not an idiot. At a glance, he could see that the young man must be an immortal. It should be noted that only those who practice immortality can fly with swords.
Murong Pena was shocked. Just now, the young man's breath was so strong that Murong Pena could not see the other side's realm at all.
Even Murong Pena has an illusion that he feels that with his current accomplishments, he can be crushed to death with one finger.
"Flying sword, powerful power! That's the life I'm after! " Murong Pena whispered.
"It's said that the family has always been connected with the sect of Xiuxian. It's not bad now." After a long time, Murong Pena calmed down his inner shock and left Murong's house.
Boom!
Walking in the street, all of a sudden, a terrible breath swept directly from behind Murong Pena, breaking into the sky and the ground.
Murong Pena's eyes are full of cold air, and he comes out with a backhand.
A big hand is more like a tear in the void. It grabs Murong Pena's head.
Boom!
"How could it be! It's only two months. How can you become so powerful? " Yuncheng looks at Murong Pena in shock. Just now, it was he who attacked behind. But I didn't expect Murong Pena to strike back and fly him out.
Murong Pena's eyes skimmed over the killing machine, stepped forward and looked at Yuncheng coldly: "you attacked me?"
Yun Cheng looks at Murong Pena with a murderous face. He steps here, and his breath comes out. The sky above his head shows the power of 91 dragon.
After the big bang, Murong Pena stood firmly in place. But behind him, a body shape is staggering to fly out.
"The power of 91 dragon, your power has been improved." Murong Pena's eyes were a little surprised.
"Die." Cloud into a big drink, a foot will trample on the street to break open, crack a shocking crack. And his whole body has risen to the sky with the help of his strength, just like a goshawk attacking Murong Pena.
"Two months ago you were not my match, and now you are not." Murong Pena sneered, but he didn't make any moves. He just took a step forward and bombarded him.
Bang!
Cloud becomes like being hit hard
The whole person is like scum, spitting blood directly and flying out.
Murong Pena sighs when he looks at Yuncheng who is blown out by his fist.
"That's the good of power. In the face of absolute power, all opponents are vulnerable! " Yes, Murong Pena is much more powerful than Yuncheng.
Two months ago, they fought for half a day, fought dozens of back, and finally fought a draw. But today, two months later, Murong Pena can fly each other with one blow.
"You are not my opponent." Murong Pena glanced at the clouds and turned away.
Looking at Murong Pena's back, Yuncheng's expression changed constantly. Murong Pena's strength was beyond his expectation, and he couldn't bear the speed.
"Die for me!"
All of a sudden, cloud into a roar, the whole person to take advantage of the air. In the middle of the air, he held the knife in both hands, and then he chopped against Murong Pena's back!
Sneer!
The sabre spewed out a long blade, which seemed to tear the void, carrying the terror of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, and quickly cut to Murong Pena.
"You want to die!"
Murong Pena "flying cloud four"
Chapter 18 the power of 110 Dragons
Murong Pena's eyes flashed a cold light. Yuncheng just knew that he was going to take his life. For such a person, Murong Pena can't let it go.
Kindness to the enemy is cruelty to oneself. Murong Pena, who has been bullied for so many years at Murong's home, feels deeply about this.
Therefore, when I heard that voice and saw that body shape was about to capture the cloud
Murong Pena not only didn't step back, but took a step forward. He put out his big hand and clapped at Yuncheng's head.
With the power of Murong Pena at this time, if you slap it on Yuncheng's head, you have to smash it.
"Dying."
An angry voice came, and then a strong breath rushed to Murong Pena like a dragon.
The breath is strong, tearing the sky and the ground, which makes people palpitate.
However, Murong Pena is not afraid. In a hurry, a dragon elephant Prajna skill directly blows out.
Bang!
Murong Pena's one punch. It's hard in that fight
Step up in the air, avoiding Yuncheng's attack. Then he stepped on four steps of flying cloud and rushed to Yuncheng's side. Big feet like a whip in the cloud into the body.
Click...
The sound of fracture and fracture was heard. With the scream of Yuncheng, his whole body was spewing blood.
Murong Pena steps on the flying cloud and rushes to it. He hits Yuncheng's head with a fist. If it is hit, Yuncheng will surely die of head bursting.
Seeing that cloud achievement is going to be killed by Murong Pena, then at this time, a strong breath comes from it, and hang it to Murong Pena.
"Be merciful!" a body shape flies quickly and catches the cloud.
In a flash, a tall body stood in front of Yuncheng.
Above the power of fear. When the violent force broke out, if Murong Pena was hit hard, the whole person was immediately hit and flew out.
Deng Deng
Under the impact of the strong breath like a storm, Murong Pena was shocked to his blood, and he went back several steps.
"Inborn master?"
Murong Pena stands still, stabilizes the Qi and blood in his body, and looks coldly at the middle-aged man.
"Yuncheng, are you ok?" The middle-aged man's gas engine locked Murong Pena, but he picked up Yun Chengxun and asked.
Yuncheng's bones were smashed at many places. At this time, his face was pale with pain. His eyes were even more angry. He looked at Murong Pena: "uncle, I'm ok. I can't die yet."
The middle-aged man is actually Yuncheng's second uncle, Auden, the younger brother of the current head of the family. The only natural master of the cloud family.
See multiple parts of the body
This is a middle-aged man, about two meters tall, who is similar to Yuncheng. At this time, he was looking at Murong Pena with murderous fury. The fury was like a rough wave. It came out through the air and swept towards Murong Pena one by one.
Yuncheng just looks at Murong Pena maliciously, then nods and says nothing.
The broken Yuncheng, Auden's eyebrows are deeply wrinkled, and there is a brush of senhan killing machine between his eyebrows: "you stay here first, I'll kill this kid for revenge."
Auden turns and slowly pushes towards Murong Pena. I'm killing myself.
The cloud family is not a big family. In the capital of the great Xia Dynasty, it is only a small family. He is the only one in the whole family.
Besides him, Yuncheng is the only one who is likely to break through in a short time and become a natural expert. But now it's almost maimed by Murong Pena.
"Boy, let's die." Auden let out a roar and kicked hard on the ground. A huge force burst out, directly breaking the hard street and leaving a crack.
Auden, on the other hand, took advantage of his power to soar into the air, and his huge fists flashed faintly into the head of Murong Pena.
Born master!
Murong Pena's face grew solemn and roared in her heart. Suddenly, a strong breath broke out from him. In the void above his head, there are ninety-nine black dragons.
The power of ninety-nine dragons!
When looking at
Generally speaking, the martial arts of the day after tomorrow are all the power of ninety dragons. Even some of the talents who are against the sky may reach the power of ninety-two or ninety-three dragons.
After these dragon powers hovered above Murong Pena's head, the monks nearby were shocked.
However, few people can reach the power of ninety-nine dragons. Because, this is already the peak strength of the day after tomorrow. Just like Yuncheng, he has achieved the power of 91 dragon. This is his limit. No matter how he practices, he will never cultivate more dragon power.
Even if he breaks through the realm and reaches the innate realm, he will have the power of poet directly.
The day after tomorrow, Murong Pena is a genius warrior of the level against the sky.
Seeing the power of ninety-nine dragons, Auden hesitated. He knew that such a genius as Murong Pena was definitely the most important warrior in all families.
If he kills Murong Pena, if the forces behind Murong Pena are investigated, then his cloud family will suffer the disaster of extinction - Auden does not know Murong Pena, and naturally does not know Murong Pena's situation in Murong family. He was only thinking about it in general.
"Kill!"
Mu
Boom!
The two sides hit each other in a flash. The terrible force broke out, and the two men fell down and were immediately hit and flew out. Auden is good. After all, he is a natural expert. He is far ahead of Murong Pena in terms of body and strength, but only three steps back.
Rong Pena didn't think so much. After improving his strength, he used the Prajna skill of the dragon. For a moment, the dragon like shadows gather together, collapse the sky and crack the ground, carrying the power of terror to kill Auden.
However, Murong Pena retreated for more than ten steps to stop. Even so, his hands were still paralyzed, and his Qi and blood were billowing like rivers and seas.
"Second uncle, he's Murong Pena. Kill him." At the moment, Yuncheng seems to see Auden's inner scruples and reminds her.
"Murong Pena?"
Auden was first surprised, then his eyes flashed a sharp kill.
The existence of Murong Pena in Murong family is known to many families in Anyi city. Therefore, after knowing the identity of Murong Pena, Auden grinned grimly, rubbed himself, and wanted to kill Murong Pena.
If it's someone from another family, Auden
I dare not kill. But Murong Pena is different. After killing him, Murong family will not pursue anything.
Auden stepped out and the earth shook. The ground cracked.
Bang!
Auden's body was shocked, and then a shadow of poet appeared in the void above his head.
Poet, the lowest dragon, is more powerful than Jiaolong and many times more powerful than poet. Just like the gap between the acquired and the warrior of the innate realm.
Poet is the symbol of the martial artist of the innate realm.
Hoo!
After exerting his power, Auden leaped a dozen steps to the front of Murong Pena. Then he slapped Murong Pena with a palm like hand.
Murong Pena's face changed a little. When there was a shadow of poet on the other side's head, he felt a pressure from the superior.
This kind of pressure is not only from the innate suppression of the acquired realm, but also from the power of the dragon. Among the dragon people, the hierarchy is very strict. Although poet is a lower dragon, it can absolutely suppress Jiaolong.
At this moment, a wave of supremacy swept directly from all sides, which severely suppressed Murong Pena. Let him sink.
It's a quagmire. It's hard to walk.
Murong Pena roars in his heart, improves his strength, and takes four steps to fly in the clouds. The whole man rises up and punches Auden hard.
Auden's face flashed with a look of ridicule, and his eyes flashed with a look of cold killing machine. Take a step forward and go up with a big bang.
Bang!
"Thousands of troops are like boxing."
The repression between ranks is obvious. With a single blow, Murong Pena was shot out. At the same time, Auden, like a shadow, chased after him directly and bombarded Murong Pena's head with a fist.
To take Murong Pena's life.
In a hurry, Murong Pena's hands blocked Auden's attack, but he was hurled out and hit the wall more than ten meters away, which made the wall shake violently.
Murong Pena is even more dizzy and dizzy because of the Qi and blood of the attacked.
"Die!"
Auden grins and kills.
"It's true that he is born strong. The level suppression is too obvious. If we don't use our real strength, we may be killed today. "
Murong Pena
Sneer. At the same time, he took four steps of flying clouds, and stood up straight in the air.
At the same time, a dragon chant came from him
Bang! Bang! Bang!
At this moment, Auden, including the people watching in the street, was shocked. Because, they saw that a black dragon appeared over Murong Pena's head again.
Ninety nine dragon power is the limit. Since ancient times, some people have achieved the power of ninety-nine dragons, but no one has ever been able to exceed the power of ninety-nine dragons.
Whether it's Jiaolong, poet, or the more advanced fan or even the more advanced, their limit is 99 dragon power.
This is the rule of the world. No one can break it.
But at the moment, they were shocked to see Murong Pena's head hovering in the void with a hundred black dragons.
Boom!
Not long after reaching 100 dragons, Murong Pena's breath soared again after a loud noise. The 101st dragon has appeared above the void above its head.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The black dragon appeared in the sky constantly, hovering in the air above Murong Pena. A breath of strength comparable to that of an inborn master came out of Murong Pena and swept all around
A scream of astonishment came out of the crowd.
At this moment, 110 Black Dragons hovered over Murong Pena's head. It's full of strong breath. It's amazing and spectacular.
Fang, powerful.
Finally, Murong Pena's breath has stabilized, and the number of head dragons no longer increases. But even so, it also shocked people around.
"110 dragons."
Chapter XIX killing
110 dragon power! Murong Pena's Dragon Power shocked everyone in the neighborhood. Even his opponent, Auden, was deeply shocked.
"Isn't Murong Pena the waste of Murong family? Why is he so strong? Even those so-called first-class talents don't have so much dragon power in the day after tomorrow? "
Looking at Murong Pena, they were talking in horror. For Murong Pena, that's another look.
"Idiot. If Murong Pena is really a waste, then those so-called geniuses are far inferior to waste. " A warrior sneered and said.
"Maybe, people have been pretending to be pigs and eating tigers. It's insidious. " The other one said with a sudden realization.
"But Murong Pena is not to be seen at Murong's house."
In fact, in this huge city of Anyi, Murong Pena's title of "waste" has been widely known. After all, Murong family is a first-class cultivation family.
Murong Pena, a genius who can't practice martial arts, appeared in such a huge family, which made all Murong people feel ashamed.
But even so, the fact that Murong Pena is a waste cannot be erased.
Therefore, when the Murong family's children communicate with other people, they are always used by outsiders to say that Murong Pena is a waste. It is because of this that the Murong family's children do not want to see Murong Pena.
They think Murong Pena is a disgrace to them. Therefore, no matter Murong Ling, Murong Yan or Murong Zhi, they are very disgusted with Murong Pena.
Auden's face was very ugly.
Judging from the dragon power of Murong Pena, the future achievements of Murong Pena must be limitless. This kind of person, Murong aristocratic family will certainly focus on training.
Auden's eyes twinkled and he thought: "Murong Pena is the waste of Murong family and has never been accepted. And it is said that within these two months, it suddenly became stronger. It should not have been taken seriously by Murong family. "
"I've got a feud with him today. If I let him go and let him grow up, it will be a great threat to myself. Instead, kill it today. "
Auden's face was ferocious, with a low roar. Break out, run for Murong Pena.
"Even if you have the power of one hundred and ten dragons, it's the state after tomorrow. It's destined to be tortured by me. " Auden sneers, punches Murong Pena in the head and goes.
110 dragon power!
Murong Pena's face was smiling as he felt the torrential power in his body. He is full of self-confidence with powerful power.
"Even if you are born, I can't miss it!" Murong Pena roars, takes four steps of flying clouds, turns into a flash, and directly fights Auden.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The power of a hundred dragons is equal to that of a poet! But now Murong Pena has the power of one hundred and ten dragons. On top of the power, it can absolutely crush Auden's natural state.
However, because the level of suppression between the dragon is very obvious. Even though Murong Pena's strength is better than Auden's, under the pressure, it seems that they are equally powerful.
More than one hundred dragon's power came out, and the void trembled. The terrible force broke out, and the broad streets of the bombardment broke down.
The Dragon roars, the strength is vertical and horizontal, the sky collapses and the earth splits, the terrible breath sweeps all directions, the crowd on the surrounding street is continuously repelled.
Bang!
Murong Pena took four steps to fly the clouds, and the whole person rose up in the air. In the void, the Dragon claws and feet in the Dragon elephant Prajna skill are used to crack the heart and tear the lung, and the shadow of the dragon and the elephant is made. The sky and the ground are broken, and the big feet are like a whip, which are pounded on Auden.
Click!
Under the influence of terrible power, Auden, a master of innate realm, was directly pulled out.
"Kill!"
Murong Pena continued to step on the cloud, swept out of the void, and rushed to Auden's head. He stepped on the shadow of poet above Auden's head.
It's like falling down!
The second move of dragon elephant Prajna skill. At this moment, Murong Pena's 110 dragon power is all under his feet.
Roar!
Poet gave a terrific roar and was stepped down by Murong Pena. The shadow of poet faded.
Murong Pena roared and stepped on several feet.
Boom!
Finally, after a loud bang. The shadow of poet over Auden's head was crushed by Murong Pena.
Hiss...
Seeing this scene, everyone nearby took a breath of cool air involuntarily.
Even Poe was broken up. It's the first time they've seen him. It's the first time they've seen this way of fighting.
"This Murong Pena is really ingenious. It can fight like this." Someone said in shock.
At the moment, Murong Pena is exhausted After all, it wasn't because he could fly that he was able to rise. Even if it's innate, it can't fly.
He just borrowed the four steps of Feiyun to take off for a while.
Puff!
When the shadow of poet was broken up, Auden was so shocked that he couldn't help bursting with blood. At this time, Murong Pena, however, stepped down directly with great power.
Ah!
Auden roars, improves his strength again, and the void above his head turns into a shadow. At the same time, his fists smashed into the sky, killing Murong Pena who fell down.
Boom!
Click!
Auden's fists pounded on Murong Pena's big feet. It's just that the two of them have almost the same strength. In addition, Murong Pena has a great strength
The voice of the broken teeth was heard from afar. Only Auden's fists were smashed and his hands were inch by inch broken.
Puff!
With one foot, the power of terror broke out, Auden's account burst, his brain burst, and he could not die any more.
If a man's head breaks, he will die immediately. Except for the legendary immortals! Auden, however, is just a master of the innate realm, unable to bear the power of Murong Pena.
In fact, if it wasn't for Auden's poet, Murong Pena wouldn't have been so easy to crack his head. It's just that Auden made the mistake of belittling the enemy first, and then he won't be similar to the Feiyun four step skill. He suffered a small loss on this point.
At the same time, Murong Pena's big feet had already stepped on Auden's head.
Of course, what killed him was that Murong Pena smashed his shadow.
The shadow of the Dragon represents power. Poet has been broken up, which means Auden's power has been broken up. Although he rallied his strength in time, how could he withstand the attack of Murong Pena?
An inborn master was killed by Murong Pena
So easy to kill.
See this scene, the people around can not help but stare big eyes, a face of incredible color.
"Maybe it's because Murong Pena broke up his shadow." Some people seem to see something.
Murong Pena stood in the same place with a cold look. The first killing didn't make his mood fluctuate.
"I'm not mistaken. How could a born master be killed easily by an acquired warrior
After all, in this world where the weak and the strong are respected. Killing is like killing a dog. It's normal. Even if Murong Pena didn't kill anyone, it was more.
"The shadow of the dragon is the power of the monk. If you break the shadow of the dragon, it is equivalent to breaking the strength of the monks. We can move in this direction in the future. " Murong Pena thought.
Second uncle! Murong Pena, I'm going to kill you! "
At this time, Yun Cheng, who witnessed Auden's killing, roared angrily, and then looked at Murong Pena with resentment on his face, turning into a flash of light and coming to kill him.
"Dying."
Murong Pena's eyes flashed a cold light, and he put it forward with one foot.
Bang Bang
Voice, cloud into the whole person was immediately kicked out, fell on the ground in the distance, dead or alive.
After a cold glance at the people around, Murong Pena left and walked towards the Jufu building.
And just after he left, the soldiers who patrolled in the great Xia Dynasty came to clean up the mess.
Although this is the capital city of the great Xia Dynasty, Anyi. But every day there will be many battles between the warriors. Even the great Xia Dynasty turned a blind eye to these.
After all, there are too many fighters and too many contradictions. Some warriors are more like the Murong family. Even the great Xia Dynasty didn't want to offend these families.
Murong Pena, the waste of Murong family, killed a congenital master of Yun family in the street. It spread like a wing.
There are different reactions in different people's ears.
Cloud family.
When hearing the news of Auden's death, cloud ZHENGBO, the head of the cloud family, seemed to be several decades old in a flash.
Auden is the only inborn expert of the cloud family. All the time, the cloud family almost relies on Auden's inability to frighten some small families. Because of this, they dare to suppress jufulou.
But now Auden has been killed and two sons have been abandoned. And they are all in the same person, Yun ZHENGBO's heart
Chapter 20 the patriarch's shock
Kill the only inborn master of the cloud family and the two young masters. At this time, the cloud family should no longer have the strength to deal with them.
After all, both the cloud family and the Li family are just ordinary families.
After killing Auden, Murong Pena was no longer worried about jufulou. In the following time, he spent most of his time cultivating in hetulo world.
Murong Pena has kept a lot of low profile since he killed Auden. But strange to say, even though he killed the inborn master, he didn't attract the attention of Murong family.
"It's not long before we beat Murong Hao in the first World War." Murong Pena's eyes twinkled.
Now, although he has hetuoluo book, the first wonderful book in the world, he has the supreme cultivation method. But still in the world.
From the first day of his cultivation, he knew that he would not be confined to this secular world. His goal is to cultivate the immortal world, which is a higher level world - the immortal world! ,
However, Murong Pena knew that there was a world of immortality. But I don't know where the so-called world of cultivating immortals is. although
Don't hate. Don't want to kill Murong Pena. That's a fake.
But even the only inborn master was killed, how could they compete with Murong Pena?
"Before Murong Pena dies, don't have any friction with jufulou." Yun ZHENGBO's eyes twinkled with the venomous divine light and ordered to go down. At the same time, he was ferocious and roared in his heart: "Murong Pena! Kill my second brother and my son. I'll let you die! "
"Murong Pena really killed the inborn master? It's impossible, isn't it? "
When it came to other people's ears, most of them held an attitude of disbelief and could not deny it.
"How is it possible? That famous waste, he can kill the inborn master? " Murong family, Murong Zhi face ferocious low roar.
Murong Pena was unaware of all this. At this time, he is gathering at Fulou with Florencio Eat and drink.
Hetu has strong strength and knowledge, but it can't bring Murong Pena into the so-called world of immortality.
Now if you want to enter the world of cultivating immortals, you can only pass the assembly of cultivating immortals a few months later. But Murong Pena didn't know where the immortal cultivation meeting was held.
Murong Pena's position in the family does not qualify for this opportunity. But Murong Pena thought that if he defeated Murong Hao, he would be qualified.
Murong family, in the hall.
Murong family's current patriarch, Murong Yang, is sitting on the throne, and there are several elders of Murong family in the hall.
"Murong Pena killed the inborn master? Is it true? " Murong Yang frowned slightly and looked at the two elders in the hall.
"Never. Murong Pena can't cultivate at all. How can he kill the inborn master? " Murong Bai, one of the elders of Murong family, said disdainfully.
"Murong Pena can't practice before. But he did kill a natural master of the cloud family, although it was only a natural state. " Murong sea, another elder, said in a deep voice.
Murong Yang's eyes flashed a fine light and looked at Murong sea and asked, "what's the matter?
After all, the river map is not familiar here.
"
The existence of Murong Pena is the only waste that can't practice martial arts in Murong family. Even the elders and patriarchs above seem to know very well.
If Murong Pena knows it, how does he feel?
Murong Hai frowned: "he couldn't practice martial arts before. But after missing for a few days more than two months ago, he came back with power. At that time, he wounded several servants. But it didn't catch our attention. However, only two months later, the waste who could not practice martial arts at that time could be killed by even the inborn experts. "
"Suddenly there was power? How many days have you been missing? What adventures did he have in those days? " Murong Yang frowned slightly, and then continued to ask, "do you know what happened in those days when he disappeared?"
"He left the family with Murong Ling that day, but Murong Ling came back that day. Murong Pena disappeared for a few days and suddenly appeared, but Murong Ling and his brother and sister were not in the family at this time. But no one knows what happened that day. " Said Murong Hai.
"When they went to Tianzhu Mountain that day, Murong Pena was afraid that there would be some real adventure."
"Huh, adventure? With that crap? " Murong said disdainfully. For Murong Pena, this waste, Murong Baicheng is very deep. After all, the goods
The Murong family lost face.
Murong sea took a look at Murong Bai. He didn't know why Murong Bai had such a deep prejudice against Murong Pena. He continued: "many people saw Murong Pena kill Auden that day, using four steps of flying cloud and a strange war skill. Even Murong Pena has reached the level of nine heavens the day after tomorrow. "
"The day after tomorrow, nine realms of heaven!"
Hearing this, Murong Yang and Murong Bai were shocked.
"Two months ago, I was still a waste who could not practice martial arts. After two months, I reached the level of nine heavens the day after tomorrow?" They were shocked, but Murong Bai then sneered.
In two months, from an ordinary person to the day after tomorrow? It's impossible! Don't say that Murong Bai doesn't believe it, even no one else.
"Did he hide his power before?" Murong Yang frowned.
It's appalling to practice in two months until the day after tomorrow. Murong Yang didn't believe it at all. However, Murong Pena is only 16 or 17 years old, so he has the state of nine heavens the day after tomorrow. Isn't it compared with Murong Hao, the first day of Murong family?
"We Murong family still have such a genius. We ignored it." Murong Yang suddenly sighed. Before, all they knew was that Murong Pena was a
Rubbish, but no one knows that Murong Pena is actually a genius.
Looking at their reaction, Murong Hai chuckled and continued, "do you know how much dragon power Murong Pena has the day after tomorrow?"
"Supporting is the power of 90 dragons." Murong Bai disdains to say.
Murong Yang's eyes flashed a fine light, his heart moved, and looked at Murong sea.
"The power of 110 dragons!" Murong sea suddenly said.
"The power of 110 dragons? Frighten? I beg your pardon? The power of 110 dragons? " Murong Yang's eyes erupted with fierce brilliance. Huo Di stood up from his seat and looked at Murong sea in shock.
"The power of 110 dragons. Murong sea, are you kidding? " Murong Bai looks at Murong sea and sneers. In other people's knowledge, it is impossible for martial artists in the world to surpass the power of a hundred dragons.
Even the first day of their Murong family, Murong Hao, was only more than 90 dragon powers when the day after tomorrow was nine heavy.
Murong Hai smiled bitterly. He didn't believe that Murong Pena could have so many dragon powers. But it was the same thing that happened that day.
"Genius! Absolute genius. I can't imagine that there are such talents in my Murong family. " Murong Yang's eyes are shining brightly and his face is excited.
"Go to the Royal Horse guard
" Murong Yang roars, and strides out. Obviously, he can't calm down anymore. He has to meet the genius of Murong Pena.
A body shape is walking fast in front. This is Murong Yang, the patriarch of Murong family. Behind Murong Yang are two hurried elders.
"How are you, patriarch!"
"What is this, patriarch? How do you look in a hurry? "
Many of Murong's children were puzzled when they saw the hurried look of Murong Yang.
"Eh, isn't the clan leader going to the Royal Horse prison?" Suddenly, a child exclaimed. Because along the way, they found that Murong Yang went straight to the Royal Horse prison behind the family.
"Is it because of Murong Pena?"
Many Murong family children found something wrong. So, I followed him outside to the Royal Horse prison. All the way down, Murong Yang even followed dozens of people.
A group of people went straight to the Royal Horse prison behind them. People who didn't know what happened.
"Murong Pena lives in it?" Murong Yang frowned slightly when he came to the front of the Royal Horse guard. Although the Royal Horse prison was relatively large, it was the life of the lowest servant of Murong family.
How senior can a slave who looks after a strange animal be?
"Because Muro
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Ng Pena's former physical relationship can only be arranged here to serve animals. " Murong sea came up and said in a deep voice.
Chapter 21 door visit
"How are you, patriarch!"
A body shape is walking fast in front. This is Murong Yang, the patriarch of Murong family. Behind Murong Yang are two hurried elders.
"What is this, patriarch? How do you look in a hurry? "
Many of Murong's children were puzzled when they saw the hurried look of Murong Yang.
"Eh, isn't the clan leader going to the Royal Horse prison?" Suddenly, a child exclaimed. Because along the way, they found that Murong Yang went straight to the Royal Horse prison behind the family.
"Is it because of Murong Pena?"
Many Murong family children found something wrong. So, I followed him outside to the Royal Horse prison. All the way down, Murong Yang even followed dozens of people.
A group of people went straight to the Royal Horse prison behind them. People who didn't know what happened.
"Murong Pena lives in it?" Murong Yang frowned slightly when he came to the front of the Royal Horse guard. Although the Royal Horse prison was relatively large, it was the life of the lowest servant of Murong family.
How senior can a slave who looks after a strange animal be?
"Because Murong PE
The relationship between Na's former constitution can only be arranged here to serve other animals. " Murong sea came up and said in a deep voice.
Murong Pena had just come out of the world of hetuoluo, when he heard a loud clap on the door. This annoyed Murong Pena.
"What's the matter? I said don't disturb me. " Murong Pena opened the door of the room and shouted in a sullen face.
But when he saw the battle in front of him, he was stunned.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
"Born master." Murong Pena's heart was surprised, and his eyes were full of strange surprise. However, the color of surprise just disappeared in a flash. At the next moment, he stepped out of the room and looked at the three people in front of him indifferently.
The one who clapped the door was a servant of the horse warden. But now, not far from the door, there are three old people standing. The Qi and blood are vigorous, and the Qi and blood rush to the sky. Although they all hide their own breath, the momentum that comes out unintentionally makes Murong Pena frown.
"Who are you?" Murong Pena looked at Murong Yang and asked after hesitation. He is not the head of Murong family or any elder at all!
After all, in his former capacity, how could he know the superior clan leader or elder?
"You are
Murong Pena？”
Murong Bai glanced at Murong Pena, snorted scornfully and stepped forward. All of a sudden, a strong breath like a torrent went directly towards Murong Pena, like a rough wave.
Boom!
In the face of the fury like a raging wave, Murong Pena was unprepared, and the whole person was immediately forced back.
"Who are you?" Murong Pena's face darkened and his eyes looked at Murong Bai indifferently. At the same time, the breath on his body also erupted, standing in place, fighting against Murong Bai's innate breath.
Hum!
Murong Bai gave a cold snort, and his breath became more and more powerful, just like the tide, and he squeezed furiously towards Murong Pena.
"Fuck you!"
Looking at Murong Bai, Murong Pena's eyes flashed a sharp kill. But the breath on the body is constantly improving, constantly fighting against the breath of Murong Bai.
"Down for me." Murong Bai has a big drink, and the breath soars again! It is like a strong wind and rain that swept over Murong Pena. It's all over the place. It's about to suppress Murong Pena.
Endless pressure from all directions to Muro
Ng Pena. At this moment, Murong Pena was under unprecedented pressure.
Creak, creak
Under the strong and powerful pressure, Murong Pena's whole body bones were constantly squeezed to make a sound. The endless pressure is to squeeze Murong Pena's body into powder.
Murong Pena's heart is full of murderous opportunities. He looks at Murong Bai with hatred and infinite killing intention.
Seeing Murong Pena dare to kill himself, Murong flashed a light in his white eyes. He snorted coldly, and more powerful and powerful burst out.
Hum!
If Murong Pena is hit hard, his throat is sweet and he snorts coldly, a trace of blood will spill from the corner of his mouth involuntarily. And his figure was pounded Deng Deng Deng's continuous step back, almost directly forced into the room.
From the beginning to the end, both Murong Yang and Murong Hai did not stop Murong Bai. They just looked at Murong Pena. However, the Murong family's children who came with Murong Yang were talking about it.
"Patriarch, what they are looking for is Murong Pena. What are they going to do?" Some people don't understand.
"Well, it must have been Murong Pena, M
Urong Pena has been arrogant recently and injured so many people. It is said that he also killed an inborn master. " One of the children whispered.
"Ah? It can't be true? Murong Pena killed a born master? " Asked one surprised.
"It's been a long time since I heard nothing about it. Hum, this trash killed a born expert. Now the patriarchs have all come out in person, afraid that they will abolish the cultivation of Murong Pena. "
"No? Murong Pena just killed a little inborn expert of the family. Do they dare to make trouble to Murong family Some people don't understand.
"That's the only inborn expert in the family who was killed by Murong Pena. We have to give someone a reply, somehow. " Some people sneer.
...
In addition to these Murong family children, the most shocked were the servants of the Royal Horse prison. Seeing Murong Pena's face ferocious and murderous looking at Murong Bai, how could they not understand?
"Better kill this bastard directly." On the other side of the Royal Horse prison, Murong Hong, who had been beaten and maimed by Murong's family before, was not good. At this time, looking at Murong Pena, his eyes showed a look of resentment.
Murong Pena couldn't hear a word of what these people said. At the moment, he
I feel my bones are crushed. The terrible breath is like the wild waves squeezing If his constitution is not different from that of ordinary people, he would kneel directly.
"It's nothing more than a natural master." Murong Pena's heart was angry and roared, and his breath burst out!
Boom!
After the dull sound, a hundred and ten Black Dragons appeared on the top of Murong Pena. From this moment on, the atmosphere of fury has swept all directions.
Exerting the dragon's power, Murong Pena's pressure immediately decreased.
"The power of 110 dragons!"
When he saw the Dragon above Murong Pena's head, Murong Yang's face suddenly changed, and then there was a surprise.
"Genius! The day after tomorrow, the power of a hundred and ten dragons. Absolute world! " Murong Yang's face was full of excitement. Even because of the excitement, his body began to vibrate slightly.
The appearance of Murong Pena broke his cognition. The day after tomorrow, the power of a hundred and ten dragons. Before today, don't say you've seen it, even if you haven't heard of it.
"There is no future, there is no future. My Murong family is about to rise. " Murong Yang thought excitedly.
"All right, enough. Elder Bai, step down. " Murong Yang reacts and drinks back Murong
Pena. If it goes on like this, Murong Pena will be shot down by Murong Bai.
Murong's eyes flashed a cold light, gave a cold hum, withdrew his breath, and took a few steps back. However, he was looking at Murong Pena in a bad way.
"No? Murong Pena has stopped elder Bai! Elder Bai is a natural expert. " At this time, a Murong's son shouted not far away.
"Idiot. Murong Bai is a natural expert. But Murong Pena is not bad. More than 100 dragons are powerful. What's more, it's a monster that even the inborn experts can kill. If you can't resist the pressure of elder Bai, it's strange. "
...
Listening to this, Murong's face jerked violently. But he just glared at Murong Pena, snorted coldly, but did not speak.
Murong Yang stepped forward and looked at Murong Pena excitedly. Seems to see a separation of several hundred years after the reunion of the general brother general so excited.
"You're Murong Pena?" Murong Yang calmed down and asked kindly.
"Yes, who are you?" Murong Pena didn't look good. After all, these people, together with Murong Bai, will give themselves the upper hand as soon as they meet.
To them, Muro
Ng Pena naturally doesn't like it.
"Er..." Murong Yang was stunned, and there was a trace of embarrassment on his face.
Murong Pena didn't even know him. But it's also normal. Before that, as Murong Pena, how can we know the existence of these superiors?
"Boldness! He is the patriarch. We are all elders. " Murong Bai gave Murong Pena a look and said coldly.
Murong Pena glanced at Murong Yang lightly, then said indifferently: "it was the patriarch. I don't know if the head of the clan is going to visit the Royal Horse prison? What other animals do you want to choose? "
Murong Yang sighed in his heart, then said: "Murong Pena, these years, the family is ashamed of you. This is where our Murong family is sorry for you. Although Yuma prison is good here, the environment is not good. I have prepared a courtyard for you. Please move out of here. "
Feeling the indifference between Murong Pena's words, Murong Yang was embarrassed. But he also understood why Murong Pena was so cold.
"I think it's a good place. I've lived here for ten years. I'm afraid I'm not comfortable moving to another place. Sorry, I'm not feeling well. If the patriarch is OK, please go back. "
say
Chapter 22 date of duel
On the way back, Murong Bai was very upset. It's not only because of Murong Pena's arrogance, but also because he is a natural expert who can't suppress Murong Pena.
Murong Yang sighed in his heart and said, "well, we are ashamed of him these years. It's understandable that he won't accept us now. Let it go. "
Although he didn't do his best, after all, Murong Pena was just a warrior of the acquired realm, and he was born!
"A few days later, there will be a duel between Murong Pena and Murong Hao. Then..." Murong sea frowned and said.
Murong Yang frowned and said, "both of them are talents of our Murong family. No one can lose. It's up to the two of them to hold this assembly. "
When it comes to the cultivation meeting, Murong Yang's eyes flashed a blazing brilliance.
It is the pursuit of all people in the world to cultivate immortals and live forever. But not everyone can cultivate immortals. To cultivate immortals, we must have certain qualifications and opportunities.
"This chaotic boy is so arrogant."
In the secular world, the innate master is already the top one. But in front of the immortals, it's nothing
Murong Pena snorted and turned inside. With a bang, he closed the door directly.
"This son of a bitch is too much." Murong's eyes flashed a killing chance.
"Murong Pena, come to me if you have any idea. I'll go back first. " Murong Yang sighed in his heart, with a bitter smile on his face. Then turn around and leave.
"What's the matter? Did the patriarch come in person and invite Murong Pena to move out of here? And Murong Pena isn't the head of the bird clan? " Seeing this scene, the Murong family around them were shocked.
But some people who have a long-term view secretly nodded: "Murong family is going to change. The waste of the past will rise. "
。 Even if he is just the most common cultivator, he can easily destroy the secular empire of the great Xia Dynasty.
For example, Murong family, a giant in the secular world, is just like an ant in the Xiuxian school. Therefore, in order to improve their family's status and strength, Murong family will send those geniuses in the family to cultivate immortals at every immortal cultivation meeting.
In this world, the secular world has a great connection with the world of immortality. In every family, as long as someone practices immortality, then the family behind him will rise to the top.
Of course, it's just to send them to the immortal cultivation conference. It depends on your qualifications and opportunities whether you can be selected by Xiuxian school.
But now Murong family, previously only Murong Hao is absolutely sure to enter the Xiuxian sect. But after Murong Pena appeared, Murong Yang knew that the second son of the family would enter the Xiuxian sect.
"The two of them can't be fooled, especially Murong Pena. This time, they can definitely join one of the top ten schools of Xiuxian!" Murong Yang said in a deep voice.
Murong Bai just gave a cold hum, while Murong Hai nodded. If you can't join the top ten schools with the qualification of Murong Pena, it's even more impossible for others.
...
"Have you finally discovered my existence?"
In the room, Murong Pena kept
Sneering. In fact, he was not too arrogant, nor did he do it on purpose. Instead, it was his real performance.
I can't practice martial arts. When I'm a waste, I'm not even as good as a common servant in this family. However, after showing his talent of cultivation. Even the head of the clan came in person.
Murong Pena didn't think it was the patriarchs who were really good to themselves. They are only interested in their own qualifications. If they are still not qualified, they have no existence in their memory.
"As long as you can go to the cultivation meeting, the rest will be..." Murong Pena haha sneers.
After this experience, Murong Pena has obviously become a celebrity of Murong family. Even the head of the clan went to ask him to leave the Royal Horse prison Who dares to offend such a person?
Even those who despised and bullied Murong Pena before took a detour after meeting Murong Pena. And even, many people have begun to apologize to Murong Pena in fear.
This day is the March appointment between Murong Pena and Murong Hao.
For these people, Murong Pena just doesn't care.
Three months ago, the whole Murong family knew that they were fighting each other
At that time, everyone despised Murong Pena. Because at that time, Murong Pena was a waste.
A waste man duels with the first day of Murong's family. Isn't it to death? At the time, no one was optimistic about Murong Pena. To put it mildly, they all thought Murong Pena was out of his depth, just looking for death.
Three months later, however, Murong Pena is in a strong position.
The day after tomorrow, jiuchongtian has the power of 110 dragons, which is unprecedented! Moreover, in this realm, he even killed a natural realm master.
Murong Pena at this time is not the waste of three months ago.
"It's said that Murong Hao is also the Ninth Heaven realm the day after tomorrow. I don't know which will win with Murong Pena?" Some people said.
"Murong Pena is able to kill even the experts of the innate realm. This time, Murong Hao is afraid to be a little suspended."
"Not necessarily. It is said that Murong Hao has already broken through the congenital realm. Murong Pena, though powerful, will never be an opponent of Murong Hao. "
...
Near a challenge arena near the martial arts arena, Murong family's children are gathered. Even other families were present.
After all, Mu
Rong Pena, who is regarded as a "waste", is going to challenge the first day of Murong family. This kind of play should be very wonderful.
Two talented duels!
"What kind of adventure does this Murong Pena have? It's really appalling that there are more than one hundred dragon powers. " On the high platform, Murong's experts talked about it.
"Waste is waste after all, how can we compete with Hao'er?" A middle-aged man sneers and says that he is Murong Hao's father, Murong Hao. A natural master.
"The power of a hundred dragons is equal to that of a genius. But Murong Hao is afraid that he has already broken through the congenital realm. But Murong Pena also has the power to kill the inborn master. Haha, this time it's interesting. "
Hearing this, Murong Yang frowned slightly, but said nothing.
Crash...
At this time, there was a cry of surprise in the crowd around the challenge arena. I saw Murong Pena, who was a little thin, coming slowly from a distance.
Beautiful face, a little thin body. There is no strong breath to escape from, and there is no awe in the eyes. He always looks like a big boy next door
On the high platform in front of the challenge arena, Murong Yang, the head of Murong family who once appeared in the Royal Horse prison, even sits here. In addition to him, some elders and experts of Murong family also appeared on the platform.
Sample.
"Is that Murong Pena? More than 100 dragon power? Kill the inborn master? It's impossible, isn't it? " Watching the emaciated Murong Pena slowly walk to the challenge arena, people around him are talking about it.
They didn't believe that the thin Murong Pena had that horrible power.
"Idiot, can you tell his depth? Then you're not the only one who has achieved that. " Some people disdain to retort.
Murong Pena walked slowly to the challenge arena, not squinting. He seemed to turn a deaf ear to the comments of the people around him and walked up the stairs to the arena.
Lightly sweep the people in front of the platform, Murong Pena's eyes pass a fine light. But he soon covered it up, and then he stood on the challenge arena so quietly.
"Here comes Murong Hao."
In the crowd, Murong Hao, dressed in white, is slowly coming this way. Beside Murong Hao, he also followed Murong Zhi and several other young people.
When he saw Murong Pena on the challenge arena, Murong Zhi's eyes flashed a look of cold killing and resentment.
"Everybody, we must kill him!" Murong Zhi said to Murong Hao in a deep voice.
Murong Hao's eyes flashed a killing chance, then nodded. Then his tiptoes light to the ground, the whole person meal
When I rose from the sky, I hovered in the void, fell on the challenge arena lightly, and stood on the opposite side of Murong Pena.
"So handsome."
The performance of Murong Hao's satchel immediately attracted the cheers of the flower crazy girls under the challenge arena.
"Murong Pena, you dare to show up on the challenge arena. You are really brave." Murong Hao looks at Murong Pena and sneers.
"You don't need courage. Because you don't threaten me at all. " Murong Pena just looks at Murong Hao lightly. In fact, he has no direct relationship with this Murong Hao.
Even when Murong Pena was a waste, Murong Hao didn't bully him like others. But three months ago, Murong Pena almost killed Murong Zhi.
This has triggered Murong Hao's killing of Murong Pena.
Hearing this, Murong Hao saw a glimpse of senhan's killing machine in his eyes: "I hope you will be so calm when you die."
Murong Pena takes a look at Murong Hao, and then looks at the platform in front of him.
"Don't hurt the harmony until the trial is over."
Murong Yang looked at Murong Pena and said something like this, not much, and then ordered the battle to start
The battle between the two talents of Murong family. A waste and Murong's first day of fighting!
First.
"Murong Pena, die." Murong Hao chuckled and stepped on the challenge arena. All of a sudden, he turned into a mirage and rushed to Murong Pena.
Chapter 23 genius
In the process, Murong Hao gathered his strength and hit Murong Pena's head with a fist. The terrible power broke out suddenly, and it seemed that those who bombarded the void were torn apart, making a terrible howl!
The silk killing machine splashed out, tore the sky and ground, and hanged towards Murong Pena.
Murong Pena's eyes flashed cold. Although Murong Hao did not exert the power of dragon. But it's more than enough to break the gold and crack the stone with just one punch.
If you bombard a person's head, the fragile head will be broken in an instant.
This is to kill yourself! What's the point?
Murong Pena's eyes narrowed slightly and his heart sneered.
Boom!
No action from Murong Pena, just a straight punch.
After the big bang, the two figures, like being hit hard, immediately flew out
