Chapter 001 waste father and son
"I can't help but feel pain. Didn't I die?" Ling Xiaoyou opens his eyes and snorts. [first 520 novels]
"Xiao'er, you wake up. You're really worried about your mother's death," said a simple and charming woman, covering her tears and stroking Ling's face.
"What's the matter? Although I am also familiar with female controllers, it seems that... " Ling Xiao thought of it. Suddenly, her brain was full of pain and a vague memory came to her.
Looking at Ling Xiao's trance like appearance, the woman hurriedly shook Ling's hand and worried, "smile, what's wrong with you? Is there anything else uncomfortable? Don't scare your mother.
"No, not Niang, I, I'm OK" Ling Xiao hurriedly replied.
Mani, I passed through!
Meng Xiyun looked at Ling with a heartache and said, "it's OK. You don't have to practice martial arts anymore. You don't have to be bullied by them all the time. I see that your father is the same. I'm sorry!".
Ling Xiaocai realized that he was not on the earth, but across the world called Xuanling continent. He fought with the four super masters of the ghost gate, and finally blew himself up in Dantian, which was totally hung up. Unexpectedly, he was lucky enough to cross the rebirth. At present, this woman is his mother's dream.
"Well, I'll take your advice
Niang, can you go out first? I feel tired and want to have a rest again. "Ling smiled and squeezed a smile.
Ling Xiao purposely dreams and cherishes the clouds. He wants to sort out the confused memories in his mind.
An hour later, Ling Xiao opened his closed eyes and sighed heavily, "it's much better than he thought. At least I'm still alive.".
Ling Xiao arranges the memory of the original body and knows that she has been reborn in Ling's family in the meteorite city and her namesake "Ling Xiao". As for why they are looking for this body, they may have answered the sentence "it is already doomed in the clear".
The original "Lingxiao" was supposed to be the most outstanding cultivation genius of the 18th generation of the Ling family. When he was 15 years old, he broke through the xuanzhe stage and became a low-level Xuanshi, making him the first genius of the meteorite city.
Unexpectedly, wood show and forest wind will destroy it!
Not long after Lingxiao became a Xuanshi, he was attacked by others, and his meridians were wasted. From the most beautiful Xuanshi, he became an ordinary civilian who was not even a martial artist. Since then, the name of the first day has become a waste material inferior to the common people.
In a world where martial arts are respected and king, and in the Ling family of the first family in meteorite City, if you can't practice martial arts, you are doomed to be only gloomy in the end
"OK, my mother won't quarrel with you. You can sleep a little longer. My mother will give you some medicine." mengxiyun wiped his tears, nodded his head, put on the bedding for Ling Xiao, and then walked out of the room. When you went out, you didn't forget to cover the door.
To live a life of mediocrity.
However, "Ling Xiao" has a strong and unyielding character, and starts to practice from the beginning. Unfortunately, in the past two years, it has failed. In the past two years, he has been ridiculed and ridiculed by his contemporaries. He can only bear to swallow his anger and remain unmoved.
However, Ling Rui, the grandson of the five elders of Ling's family, defied "Ling Xiao" two days ago, and finally insulted his parents. "Ling Xiao" can let others laugh at himself, but he can't tolerate others to insult his parents. Therefore, he angrily shoots at Ling Rui. Unfortunately, his cultivation has been abolished, and he is not the opponent of Ling Jian, a low-level mysterious man, who was beaten half dead on the spot.
This is the scene of Ling Xiao lying in bed!
...
"The world of the strong? More to my liking! " Lingxiao said confidently with clear eyes. He got out of bed and touched his weak body. He touched the back of his head. There was still a big swelling.
"Your revenge, let me help you get it back." Ling smiled and then began to look at the environment in the room.
The room is still wide, but there are some missing in the installation of Jane. In addition to a one and a half meter bed, there are several chairs and a tea table. The most prominent one is the stake in the corner of the wall. It's not hard to imagine how hard the original "Ling Xiao" practiced, but it's a pity that it was in vain.
The door of the "creak" house was opened. This time, a middle-aged man from Luotuo came in. He was not about thirty-seven years old
It's a typical young woman killer in the past life, but in this life, it's just a decadent middle-aged person.
At present, this middle-aged man is Ling Xiao's father, Ling Zhan, who is also a waste talent whose meridians have been destroyed. The two fathers and sons are the famous "father and son of ducai" in the meteorite city.
More than ten years ago, lingzhan was also a rare talent in the city of meteorites. Although not as changeable as Lingxiao, he broke through the xuanzhe level at the age of eighteen and achieved the Xuanshi level. At the age of twenty-five, he was the peak of Xuanshi level. He was almost one of the most excellent spiritual level in the city of meteorites. Unfortunately, he also fell into a sneak attack to the end of disuse. The situation is as interesting as the present Ling Xiaoru.
Lingzhan looks at Lingxiao and takes a sip of wine. He says "how do you feel?".
Lingxiao looks at the cheap dad and says, "I can't die yet!".
"That's good." Ling Zhan sat at the edge of the bed and paused before he said, "do you want to have a rest?".
Lingxiao is not polite. He robbed lingzhan's wine bottle and took a sip with his head up. The hot taste filled his limbs, making him cry "cool!" , and then a few more into the throat.
In his previous life, he did not drink less spirits, such as burning knives and daughters
Red, old cellar
Ling Zhan glanced at his son with complicated eyes, and then put his eyes on the stake. He said lightly, "it's true that a gentleman is constantly striving for self-improvement, but it can't be reflected in our father and son.".
"Father" Ling laughs and shouts, a sympathetic emotion surges up. Two years of exclusion, ridicule and ridicule came to mind, as if he had seen his father's same experience when he was young.
"From heaven, smile, don't force yourself any more. Your hard work is in the eyes of dad. Dad won't blame you." Ling Zhan said in a helpless and mournful tone. What a high spirited man he was at that time, he was almost appointed as the next generation of patriarch. Unfortunately, the sudden change of situation made him a useless man overnight. At first, I saw the rising of my son and the shadow stronger than my own, and I felt very comforted. How can history repeat itself again, and let his son suffer the same blow as him? There are untold sufferings and pains in his heart!
"What are your father and son talking about? Laugh, my mother has boiled the medicine for you. Drink it quickly." mengxiyun came in with a bowl of black liquid medicine. Then, seeing Ling's strange smile, she asked nervously, "Why are you crying, laughing? Does your father scold you for being lazy again?". After all, dreams cherish the sky and the earth
Ling Xiao didn't answer, but her eyes gradually covered with mist. He can feel the love of mengxiyun for him, and also feel the care of lingzhan.
Staring at Ling Zhan.
"No... Niang, I just rubbed a little sand, quickly put the medicine on, I want to drink the medicine. "Lingxiao hurriedly disguised and said. He didn't cry since he was sensible in his previous life, but his family said that he loved to laugh since he was young, so he was named "laugh". Now he almost cried out, let people know that it wasn't disgraceful to lose his family, so he would not admit it even if he was killed.
After drinking medicine, lingzhan and mengxiyun quit the house.
Ling smiled and felt that his head was still sore, so he fell asleep.
In a twinkling of an eye, three days later, Ling Xiao barely stepped out of the room, just sorting out the memory fragments to make herself adapt to the new identity as soon as possible.
At the same time, he also self checked his body, and found that his twelve canons had been broken. No wonder that two years of painstaking practice had achieved nothing.
However, Ling Xiao is not angry at this time. He was a super martial arts master in his previous life. The most powerful skill of his family is the cloud sweeping palm, the wind leg of the wind god Nie Feng, and the sky frost fist of Qin frost. Originally, he wanted to learn the three parts of the hegemony together with Yuanqi. Unfortunately, he didn't have time to study them, so he died with the four super masters of Guimen. At that time, if he was allowed to practice for another year, three points of cultivation would return to his vitality, and he would learn to point to the first type of "breaking jade and dividing gold", then even in the face of the four super masters of the ghost sect, he would not have to use the method of self exploding Dantian to die together.
Fortunately, with all the memories of her previous life, Ling Xiao has already put paiyun in her heart
Chapter 002 pulse
In those days, the bully shocked the world with the fist of frost, the palm of the cloud and the leg of the spirit of wind. He used the three points to return to the spirit and the three points to deal with the wind and cloud. His power was even stronger. If Wu Ni Bodhisattva said that "success is the wind and cloud, and failure is the wind and cloud", I'm afraid that the prestige of hegemony will be better than that of a generation of sword gods.
The three points of Guiyuan Qi was created by the old man of Sanjue. It includes Tianshuang fist, paiyun palm and Fengshen leg. It is also called the three points of fist palm and leg. The internal power converted from each point of the three points is called the three points of Guiyuan. [first 520 novels]
In order to learn the "three points return to vitality", we must first master the three internal strength breath swallowing methods, such as the frost Qi, the cloud dispelling force and the wind divine skill, and then take one point of each to practice, so that the three internal forces are separated together and become a new type of domineering internal force.
There are nine levels of energy in three points. Each level of internal power that you break through will go up to the next level, and the internal power is several times deeper than that of other internal skills. In those days, when the hegemonic only broke through the seventh level, you can dominate the world. You can see the power.
Ling Xiao fixed her attention, adjusted her state to the best, gradually focused her attention, and kept her mind together. In her mind, she first silently recited the oral decision of the frost, and then turned to cloud clearing
Ling Xiao recalled the ancient book records that there was a saying that three points of energy can wash the marrow meridians, which is similar to the Shaolin Temple's wash marrow meridians, but he doesn't know whether there is such a power.
Palm, Fengshen leg, Tianshuang fist After all these martial arts and mental skills have been memorized, they can be used for many moves, but now the weak body can't play the real power of those moves.
Among these martial arts, Lingxiao's favorite is the aeolian leg. Every move is so handsome. With the aeolian leg, he has attracted the hearts of many school elder martial sisters and younger martial sisters, which is what he has always been proud of.
If we want to stand firm in the world where the strong live, we need to have strong strength as our dependence. Otherwise, we will become the object of other people's bullying and ridicule.
"Twelve meridians have been abolished. Only by washing the marrow, breaking through and regulating the meridians can we practice again. However, what we practice here is not internal skill, but Xuanqi. I just don't know the difference between the two. Let me try whether the three points of Yuanqi can really have the effect of Shaolin Temple's washing the marrow scriptures." Ling Xiao thinks about it and plans to cultivate what he didn't learn in his previous life. Let's see if he can restore the vitality of this disabled body.
[first 520 novels]
Jin, and then the wind magical skill. After several times of meditation, the three internal forces began to breathe by the way of meditation in the previous life.
According to the theory, everyone has internal power, but everyone has different Tianbin, and the cultivation gains are different. Now what makes Lingxiao anxious is that even if the twelve positive channels are abandoned and become ordinary people, it's impossible to feel half a silk of internal power!
When Ling Xiao was about to give up, Yongquan cave began to have a little hot flow.
Lingxiao is happy, and then he concentrates his mind and spirit again to speed up the operation.
From the beginning, the heat flow under the Yongquan cave became warm and boisterous. It began to flow from the bottom to the top, just like a stream flowing slowly, making Lingxiao feel comfortable.
Unfortunately, it's not a long time. The heat flow only lasts for one minute, and it can't flow upward any more.
No matter how hard Ling Xiao tried, he couldn't move forward.
Ling smiled no longer reluctantly. He took a breath and said to himself with a happy smile, "it seems that there is a play, but I don't know how it will work. I hope you don't let me down!".
After meditating for more than an hour, Ling Xiao became a little impatient, because he could not sense any internal force flow.
Then, Ling Xiao jumped out of bed and wiggled his feet. He found that the strength of his legs seemed to be stronger. He said, "it's nothing to break the first meridian as long as you accumulate enough internal force
Problem, it's only a matter of time before we can get through the twelve classics. It's heaven that never stops me! ".
Through the first meditation practice, he knew that the three-point rejuvenation can really get through the twelve abandoned canons, and he was ecstatic. At the same time, he thought that if he successfully washed the marrow, let his cheap father also cultivate the three-point rejuvenation, should he also be able to restore the Xuanli?
I'm afraid I'll have to wait for my real success before making a final conclusion!
Then, two more days.
In addition to taking care of Lingxiao's daily diet, mengxiyun also spent an hour or two chatting with him. Ling Xiao is more and more fond of this thoughtful mother. Ling Zhan also comes to see his son every day, but he doesn't talk much, but they drink a lot of wine. Looking at his father, who is haggard, decadent and self defeating, Ling Xiao can't help but pass on the three points to him, but he has restrained his impulse.
That night, Ling Xiao meditated as usual. After two days of accumulation, Ling Xiao was sure to get through the first channel.
Three kinds of internal force constantly transform and separate, a stream of heat is constantly rising from Yongquan cave, and the heat emitted makes Lingxiao emit white smoke behind him, which makes him look a little vague.
After half an hour's savings, a stream of heat gathered together and turned into a thick, turbulent and rapid heat flow, roaring and rushing towards the long blocked gateway above.
"Ah"
Ling laughs and screams. The sweat of Dou Da drips from his resolute face. The pain in his heart makes him miserable.
For the first time, he failed to rush through the pass, but the pain like a prick made it hard for him to get over it.
"Damn it, I don't believe that I can't even get through the first channel." Ling laughed and scolded, firmed his faith, turned his hands over, swallowed his breath faster, the heat flow condensed again, roared the surging heat wave, and rushed up again.
"Boom".
"Ah."
Second failure!
Third failure!
Until the eighth time, Ling Xiaohou's lips had bitten blood, and her face was extremely pale, but the pretty face was unyielding.
The eighth impact.
"Click".
At the moment, Ling's body was already covered with sweat, as if it had been steamed just now, and her whole body was still covered with red light.
Lingxiao jumps out of bed, squints her eyes, and feels comfortable. He opened his eyes and looked at the clenched fists. The peach blossom eyes were shining with spirit. The whole man looked more full than before
The heat wave like the river finally broke out of the shackles, separated numerous small heat flows, and began to spread to the whole body. After two minutes, the heat flow stopped. It should be the second channel of obstruction.
Full of vitality.
"Ha ha, it's finally successful." Ling Xiao wiped a handful of sweat and laughed. His face was full of joy, just like the feeling when he first cultivated his internal power in his previous life. This feeling can't be expressed in words.
"If it goes on like this, it should be able to repair all the twelve channels within three months," Ling said to himself.
Just then, there came "Dong Dong......" The knock on the door.
"Smile, what's the matter with you? Are you not feeling well?" Outside the door came words of concern from the mother's dream Xiyun.
Ling smiled for a while, but didn't care to put on his clothes. He went to the room and opened the door. Facing the worried dream, he said, "Mom, I'm ok.".
Mengxiyun looks at his son up and down, but he doesn't seem to see anything different. He feels that his son is pitiful. He touches his chest and says, "Xiao'er, look how thin you are. Tomorrow, my mother will offer you something to mend your body.".
Lingxiao is touched by mengxiyun's fingertips. She shivers a little. She shrinks back and says with a shy smile, "Niang, whether men or women give or not...".
"Por poo" dream Xi Yun lightly covered her lips and smiled, "you are a child born by your mother, and she has never touched you. Well, look at your stinking sweat. Go to wash and go to bed early.".
"It's my mother, you should have a rest earlier," Ling said with a smile.
Dream cherishes the cloud to take a strange look
Son, full of doubts: is the son enlightened? I haven't laughed since that two years ago, and I seem to know a lot. Forget it, as long as my son is safe, I won't ask for it. Then he turned and left.
Lingxiao looks at the mother who left, and says in her heart, "mother Wait, your good days are not far away.
A night without words, the East is getting white!
In a hundred square yards, there are several trees and some newly blooming potted flowers. There is a stone table and a few stone chairs nearby. The simple environment is full of fresh air, which makes people feel refreshed.
Wearing simple clothes, Ling Xiao began his first day of martial arts in the courtyard.
In the past, he has practiced all the moves of paiyun palm, fengshenbu and tianshuangquan, but now he just wants to make them again, which is not difficult according to theory. Unfortunately, now the body is too weak, so Ling Xiao is not eager for success, but chose to practice the famous footwork "cloud trace phantom".
"Cloud shadow", such as ghost shadow, such as virtual cloud shuttle, pass through the crowd unimpeded but elusive.
Although Ling Xiao has got through a meridian and has weak internal power, it is enough to support him to make this escape step out first.
Now, he is almost the same as ordinary people. Of course, he must learn how to escape first. If he is bullied again, he can still escape even if he is beaten!
Ling Xiao is based on the understanding of previous life
With your eyes closed, walk with your feet in some mysterious directions. At first, I only thought that there was nothing out of it, but I found that the footwork was a little strange when I watched it again, and then I watched it carefully, but it was amazing. I saw Ling Xiao's random step was very big. It seemed that he could step nearly two meters in one step. The speed was extremely fast, and the whole person seemed to be nimble and elegant.
"It seems that we need to get through the twelve channels as soon as possible. This internal power can be ignored," Ling laughs and sighs.
After a few minutes' rest, Ling Xiao didn't continue to practice footwork, but the first type of "flowing water and Flowing Clouds" for rehearsing cloud palm.
"Flowing water and clouds" palm is round and continuous. It is like flowing water and clouds. It is smooth and unimpeded. Its power is amazing. If it has deep internal power, it can play 9981 palm in one second. There are countless palms. It's hard to understand and make opponents have no power to fight back.
Ling Xiao once played seventy-two palms in a second, which turned the congenital master who had been famous for a long time into mud.
Ling Xiao ran ten times in the courtyard. Gradually, she felt tired and stopped to breathe.
Ling Xiaocai practiced for a few minutes, and mengxiyun came out of the room.
"Xiao'er, your injury is just right. If you don't have a rest, how can you move around?" mengxiyun complained. She knows that her son has never stopped practicing since he was abandoned two years ago, but he always returns without success. However, her son doesn't want to face the reality, and she is a mother
Heartache is helpless.
Ling Xiao looks at the dignified and beautiful face close to her feet. The fish lines that are hard to cover the corners of her eyes are all visible. There are several strands of white hair between her two patens. Suddenly, a sad smell rises in her heart.
Dream Xi cloud went to Ling Xiao and took out his handkerchief to wipe Ling Xiao's face.
"Niang, let you worry." Lingxiao's mind showed the care of the cheap mother to the original "he", and couldn't help blurting out.
"Silly child I'm your mother. "Mengxiyun replied happily. She felt that her son's injury may not be a bad thing. He has grown up and is sensible now.
"Hello, come and get the moon." a disgusting voice came from outside the gate.
"Niang, I've been all right for a long time. Get up and exercise more, it's good for the body." Lingxiao stopped acting and replied.
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 003 teach the slave
At the door, there are two servants in the shape of a young man. They are all about twenty years old. One is pockmarked, the other has a crooked nose. Their eyes always slip around, making people feel like thieves. At first sight, they feel disgusted. [first 520 novels]
One of them is called pockmarked, the other is called dog nose. They are the two dogs beside Ling Rui who can bite people.
Just now, it was pockmarked. Holding a small bag in his hand, he kept rotating and looked at Lingxiao's mother and son with disdain.
The finance of the Ling family is in the charge of the five elders. The lingzhan family, who is the lineage of the Ling family, should have been sent by the housekeeper to serve last month. Now it is the two dogs beside the grandson of the five elders. It can be seen that the lingzhan family is not treated by the Ling family.
"I'm here to take it." mengxiyun hurriedly walked to the two men in Lianbu.
This pockmarked dare to make mengxiyun ugly, because the money bag is not strong enough. It's only one meter before mengxiyun, and it will fall on the ground.
Mengxiyun's face flashed and he didn't realize that he was unhappy. He stepped up a bit and could barely hold the purse in his hand.
Pockmarked and dog noses were a little stunned. Unexpectedly, the woman could catch the purse.
Dream cherish cloud smile way“
Dream Xi cloud has not yet approached, pockmarks are at will to throw the purse in the past.
Thank you for your coming. "Then she weighed her purse, opened it quickly, and looked at the two people again." aren't our monthly gifts 30 gold coins a month? Why are there only ten gold coins.
"Madam, don't you think we are greedy for your gold coins? It's from the financial deacon himself, or you can ask him to see it yourself. "Said the dog with his nose up and his nostrils sullen. His attitude is not like a slave, but like a superior man.
The financial deacon in the dog's nose is Ling Chong, the father of Ling Jian, the son of the five elders. Everyone in Ling's family knows that Ling Chong and Ling Zhan are rivals from childhood. The dog nose asks Meng Xiyun to go to find Ling Chong. It's clearly taking Ling Chong to bully Meng Xiyun.
"You, forget it, you can go," said Meng xiyunqi. Holding ten gold coins in her hand, she was not feeling good. She also wanted to buy some tonics for her son this month. Now there are twenty gold coins missing. It's not a good day, because she has to leave some for her husband Ling Zhan to buy wine.
Pockmarked and dog nose slightly satisfied, just about to turn away.
"Slow down" at this time, Ling Xiao came to drink.
"I don't know. What can I do for you?" Pockmarked turned to look at Ling scornfully. He doesn't even call master Ling Xiao, but "you". It can be seen that these servants also follow the master to ridicule the family.
"Take out twenty gold coins,
Otherwise don't want to leave here, "Ling said coldly with a smile. Damn it, I'm also a young master. I actually want to see the faces of two slaves. It seems that in this continent, there's no strong strength, but it's more humble than the humble slaves.
"Didn't the dog say that just now? If you want the 20 gold coins, just ask the treasurer for them, or It's OK to ask young master Rui, but I don't know if you dare to ask for it, "said pockmarked with a thoughtful face.
A few days ago, Lingxiao was beaten to death. It was because Lingrui insulted his parents and then fought with Lingrui. At that time, pockmarks and dog noses were the audience. They were also rampant because they were the servants around Lingrui. They were even more dismissive of Lingxiao.
"It seems that the two of you are not going to see the coffin and cry," Ling said with a gloomy smile.
Pockmarked and dog noses are fearless. Although they are servants, they are also four level martial disciples. Facing Lingxiao, they can be regarded as experts. How can they be afraid of Lingxiao.
"Forget the smile, let them go." mengxiyun pulled Lingxiao's hand. She's afraid of her son's impulse. In case she gets hurt again, she doesn't want to see it.
"Niang, don't worry, you can see Xiaoer teach these two servants to vent their anger for you." Lingxiao breaks away from mengxiyun's hand and slowly walks to pockmarked and dog's nose.
"What do you want to do?" Pockmarked son took a little step back. Although they can despise the lingzhan family, they are not qualified to
I dare to fight against Ling and laugh disrespectfully. The rules of the Ling family are very strict. If you find that any servant dare to disrespect the Ling family, you can sweep out the door and kill the others.
"It's said that the gold coins are not here. You have the ability to find the chief manager to go." the dog snuffed in.
"Three"
"Let's go, leave him alone," said pockmarked, pulling the dog's nose.
"In three voices, bring me 20 gold coins to roll," Ling laughed loudly.
"Two"
They ignored Ling Xiao and left. Although they dare not offend, but with their skill, Lingxiao can't stand them.
"Forget it, Xiao'er, let's go back," Meng Xiyun called from behind.
"One, three has passed, you are looking for death." Ling laughed and drank a loud voice. Suddenly, he stepped forward and caught up with pockmarked son and dog nose in an instant.
Both of them are level Four martial disciples. Lingxiao comes from behind. They immediately realize that they are separated.
"Flowing water and clouds" Ling Xiao uses the first move of cloud palm to pat pockmarks.
Ma Zi was shocked. He didn't expect Ling Xiao to move so fast. He wanted to escape.
It's a pity that Ling Xiao's speed is very fast when he steps on the "shadow of the cloud". Can pockmarks hide at will.
Ling smiled and slapped pockmarked nose heavily.
"Click".
"
Ah "the bridge of pockmark's nose was crushed by Ling Xiao's palm, which made him scream with pain, and the blood sprayed from the nostril.
Ling Xiao sees pockmarked crouch down, one foot is put in the bridge of nose that his hands are covering again, pockmarked son cries miserably again, fell on the ground.
"You... You dare to hit people. Aren't you afraid of young master Rui? " Dog nose didn't expect that pockmarks were beaten by the so-called first waste of meteorite City, and only two moves were beaten. He quickly raised the name of his own master and tried to threaten Ling Xiao.
"Hum, I'll find Ling Rui to settle accounts sooner or later. Now I'll teach you two lackeys who don't have long eyes." Ling smiled and snorted coldly. There was a wind under his feet. He came to the dog's nose, which was still in a daze. He raised his foot and kicked it directly in the pants of the dog's nose.
"Ouch" the dog's nose screamed, holding the life root and jumping in place.
This Ya unexpectedly makes Yin!
Ling Xiao let them lose their fighting power and began to punish them.
"Bitch, spit out the gold coin to me." Ling Xiao grabbed the collar of the dog's nose and punched the dog's nose in the eyes for two times. Suddenly, the dog nose became a panda.
"I, I......" The dog's nose is just about to speak.
Ling Xiao grabs his shoulders with both hands. At the same time, he pushes his knees up to the top of the pants where the dog's nose just hurt.
The dog's nose was speechless, and he was dizzy with pain. It's estimated that all the eggs were smashed.
Ling smiled and glared at pockmarked.
The pockmarked son was frightened and said in a sad voice, "no, don't fight any more, I'll give you 20 gold coins.".
"I * your mother" Ling laughed and scolded, stepping on pockmarked face.
The poor nose of pockmarked son has been damaged again and again. It can't be broken any more. It's covered with blood. It's a mess. There's still a rampant look.
The pockmarks and the dog's nose fainted. Ling Xiao leaned down and fumbled for a while. He took out two money bags from each of them. He didn't look at how many gold coins were in them. He went straight to the door.
At the door, mengxiyun looked at his son with a gaping face. She couldn't believe that her son knocked out two level Four martial artists three or two times.
"Mother go back, don't let these two dog servants dirty your eyes." Ling smiled and pulled mengxiyun back to the door, then turned around and locked the door.
Ling Xiao shoved one of the money bags into mengxiyun's hand, then took one from himself and went straight back to the room.
Dream Xi cloud two hands each grasps the money bag, still stunned to see the son that pretty weak figure disappeared in front of the room.
Ling Xiao went back to the house, threw the money bag aside, kept shaking his hands, and cried out, "I'm sorry, but the boxers hurt when I came here. I'm really weak. Fortunately, I'd better start first, otherwise I'm not sure
Chapter 004 the body of Banwu
An hour later, the young man slowly opened his eyes, put away his hands in vain, and jumped out of bed.
A young man with a weak crown and a bare upper body sits on the bed. His hands are spread flat and placed in front of his abdomen. His eyes are closed tightly. His expression is very focused. The black hair like a waterfall can be seen with white smoke, as if he is receiving a steaming bath, which is very strange. [first 520 novels]
At this time, there was a knock on the door.
In came Ling Xiao's father, Ling Zhan, who was still holding the wine pot. It seemed that the wine pot had never left him. He looked at his son with a little excitement.
"Listen to your mother, you beat two dogs beside Ling Rui?" Ling Zhan found a chair and sat down and asked.
Ling smiled and said, "yes, Dad.".
Lingzhan raised his eyebrows and asked with a little excitement, "can you practice Xuanli again?".
Ling smiled and shook his head. "Not yet, but I will be able to rebuild Xuanli soon. In this continent, internal power is called Xuanli. Then it will be called Xuanli!
"Really!" Lingzhan stood up excitedly and asked, then his face darkened again. He said with a wry smile, "the meridians have been abandoned. Unless there is a chance that there will be a trace of hope to restore the meridians, otherwise Oh, smile, both of us
I can get rid of those two dog servants.
Ling Xiao chose to attack with purpose just now. Now he has only got through one channel and recovered a little strength of ordinary people, so he rationally chose to attack the most vulnerable part of his opponent first.
No matter who it is, the nose is always the most vulnerable place. As long as you give it a little punch, if the warrior can't stand it, so the hemp man can't fight back under the two blows of Ling Xiao, and the dog's nose is even worse. "Little * *" is the place where all men die. Ling Xiao gives up his "little * * with a cruel hand. The purpose is to frighten the hemp man. Although pockmarked has a nose injury, if he dares to fight hard, Lingxiao is not necessarily his opponent. Fortunately, pockmarked doesn't dare to offend, and is even frightened by Lingxiao's means, which makes Lingxiao win the two at one stroke.
After the morning transportation, I cleaned up two more slaves. Ling Xiao was sweating and rushed to take a bath with a bucket of water.
After taking a bath, Ling Xiao began to meditate in the room again, striving to open the second channel in the fastest time. He expected that today he taught two dog slaves a lesson, and the master of the slave would not give up, so he had to fight every second. As long as all the twelve channels were connected, he would not be afraid of the other side to find fault.
Getting stronger is his priority now!
Let's support purity, recommend and collect not less~~~~
[first 520 novels]
You are deceiving yourself and others! ". After that, lingzhan took a sip of liquor and tried to use it to anesthetize himself.
Ling Zhan looks up at his son, sighs, turns around and walks out of the house, leaving Ling Xiao with a silent figure.
"Don't worry, Pingyi dad. Your son is different now.".
...
In the big house of Wuchang's hometown.
In front of the courtyard of xixianfang, an 18-year-old in a green robe is wielding wine and sword skills.
Ling Xiao looked at his father, clenched his fists tightly, and then relaxed slowly. "Don't be discouraged, Dad. It's just like another village with bright future. As long as we work hard, we will be able to control our destiny again.".
"Green rainbow through the sun" the young man had a big drink in his mouth, and the whole man jumped up like an eagle. The long sword in his hand was as long as the sun. Then he stabbed to the front, and a half meter long sword burst with a strong breath.
The young man settled on the ground, put up his sword, put a smile on his face and put on his single eyelid eyes. At first sight, he knew that he was not a broad-minded man.
He is Lingrui, the second son of lingchong, the financial deacon.
Lingrui just stopped. A pretty maid immediately took a basin of water and came to Lingrui and said, "wash your face, young master!".
Ling reek sang a smile and touched the maid's delicate face
"You're so bad, young master," said Xiao Mei's maid, turning away her pretty face.
"Xiaomei, you are so sensible.".
"Hey hey, young master is a bad guy. Don't close your door tonight. Young master is going to do something bad tonight." Ling Rui took out the towel from the basin and smiled as he washed his face.
Xiaomei's pink face rose crimson until she heard a light "yes, young master".
After washing his face, Ling Rui seemed to think of something and asked Xiaomei, "haven't pockmarks and dog noses come back yet?".
"I haven't seen you yet," Xiaomei replied.
"These two idiots, it's not easy to do anything." Ling Rui threw the towel into the basin and scolded.
I saw them, one was covering his nose, the other was bowing his waist, covering his roots, and he was sad. When I saw Ling Rui, I knelt down in front of him and cried, "master, please make the decision for me...".
At this time, the door stumbled into two people, this is not pockmarks and dog nose?
"What's the matter?" Ling Rui asked, not knowing why.
The pockmarked son has a sore nose and doesn't speak very well. At last, the dog's nose tells the story off and on.
Ling Rui kicked at pockmarks and dogs' noses and said, "stupid, you two are level Four martial arts disciples. You can't even beat a useless talent. I've lost all my face.".
The dog's nose trembled and said, "young master
He... He's fast. We can't see his movements clearly, so we're on the road.
The pockmarks nodded in unison.
"Bastard, do you want to tell me that he can cultivate Xuanli? Ling Rui said with a wrung face.
Originally, he challenged Ling Xiao the other day. The purpose was to make the laughing stock of the Ling family disappear in the world. Who knows that after he had a dark hand, the boy didn't die and still dared to be arrogant to his people. Can he not be angry? A waste talent dare not put him in the eye, but thinking of this, he wondered, isn't that kid a waste talent? How can I beat these two dogs without fighting back? Can that boy really cultivate Xuanli?
It's impossible. That kid's meridians have been abandoned. Even the elder Taishang has determined that he can't cultivate Xuanli in his whole life. It must be a coincidence.
"What we're saying, young master, is that every sentence is true. That kid is a special envoy. He hit pockmarked son on the nose and He kicked my pants and finally took all our gold coins, "said the dog with a sad nose.
"Don't humiliate me here, Xiao Mei will take ten gold coins for them, go to cure them, and get out of here quickly," Ling Rui said displeased. There was a hidden worry in his heart.
Xiaomei answered, and then took the two out of the courtyard.
Ling Rui grabs the long sword, drinks loudly, and cuts at a two person tall tree in the yard with all his strength.
Sword down, tree down
。
"Hum, even if you can rebuild Xuanli, the family test will begin in another two months. Unless you can't test it, otherwise, I will definitely let you disappear in the world," said Ling Rui, biting his teeth coldly.
The night is as cool as water, the moon is high and the trees are whirling.
It has been more than half a month since Lingxiao broke through the first meridian.
At this moment, Ling Xiao is ready to break through the sixth channel again.
Previously, he thought it would take three months to get through twelve channels. Now it only takes two to three days to get through one channel. Lingxiao was ecstatic. He realized that the three-point rejuvenation Qi was so magical that it could be several times faster than the general internal skill cultivation. Lingxiao couldn't understand it. At last, he guessed that it might be the result of the same cultivation of the frost Qi, the cloud dispelling energy and the wind divine skill. In his heart, he had to be revered for the unique mental skill created by Sanjue old man.
Lingxiao's body is full of vitality. Her thin and sick body is becoming stronger and stronger, and her skin is becoming more and more bloody. The whole person looks bright and beautiful.
"No breakthrough at the moment, when to wait?" Lingxiao astringed his mind, turned his hands down, two streams of heat surged up at Yongquan cave, then divided into five surging air streams, and finally gathered together to form a thumb size, like a real energy group, rushing towards a closed direction.
"Rumbling" energy group rushes through the blocked channel
Above the pulse.
"Ah" that kind of pain makes Ling smile can't help but scream, and the corner of her mouth has bitten blood.
The first impact failed!
To this end, Ling Xiao has been numb eyes. He knew that the meridians could not be broken in one time, but he needed to constantly compress and coagulate the Xuanli force and launch an impact again and again, just like the soldiers who attacked the city gate in ancient times, hitting the iron gate with wooden cones again and again, and eventually the iron gate could not bear the force, so it would definitely be broken.
"Boom".
Boom
After more than ten times of impact, we finally got through a channel.
With the lessons from the past, Ling Xiao is not angry. He compresses Xuanli and condenses it, then rushes towards the closed meridians.
Now we have got through six channels, which can be regarded as the body of half martial arts.
Generally, people born with blocked meridians are doomed to be unable to cultivate Xuanli, while those born with twelve positive meridians are all open, and these people are doomed to achieve in the way of cultivating martial arts.
"Ha ha" Ling Xiao jumped out of bed and directly jumped into the bucket already placed in the house. His face was full of joy.
However, the twelve meridians can be divided into different sizes. The speed of cultivation of small meridians is extremely slow, and the time of advancement is naturally long, so it is doomed that the achievements of the martial artists of small meridians are limited; while the large meridians can speed up the cultivation of Xuanli, and can save more Xuanli. They are fighting
Nowadays, Lingxiao's meridians belong to those born with big meridians. Although the original meridians were abandoned, they did not affect the size of the meridians. Now, six meridians have been connected, and there is still a distance to get through the twelve normal meridians, so it is called semi martial body.
The so-called semi martial body can only be better than the normal people, but without getting through other six channels, Lingxiao's force will only stop in the martial disciples, and will never break through to the mysterious ones.
Fortunately, it's amazing that three points return to vitality. It's just around the corner to get through twelve channels.
Therefore, Ling Xiao's task is still a long way to go.
The moon falls, the sun rises, and it's the beginning of the day.
Ling Xiao practiced the first two moves of "cloud shadow" and "cloud palm" in the courtyard for an hour, but she didn't continue to practice them. Instead, she specially combed and washed them, and then she was ready to go to the market.
This is the first time Ling Xiao has walked out of the house since crossing.
Only when fighting can they show more energy. People with great meridians are generally called natural warriors, which are usually called talented people. Such people are extremely rare no matter where they are.
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 005 lingcaotang
The market is in the center of the meteorite city. It's only a mile away from Ling's home. It's about a quarter of an hour away. [first 520 novels]
Lingxiao is the first time to see such a different trading market, and she immediately strolls around with interest. Look at the peddler's cry in the streets and the strange ornaments in the streets. Ling Xiao felt for the first time that the world was really fun, as if he had gone back to ancient times.
Ling Xiao is relieved of his depression. Today, he is going to relax. He has been practicing for half a month. Although he doesn't feel bored, he is not the most suitable way to practice without relaxing. Ling Xiao always thinks that the best way for him is to combine work with rest.
Ling Xiaodong looked at it, and looked at it from the west, as if he had never seen a country bumpkin enter the city, and saw everything in a strange and inexplicable way, which made people feel very funny.
Ling Xiao walked to a grand old building and looked at the plaque engraved with three simple, vigorous and powerful characters "lingcaotang".
Ling Xiao searches for memory and knows that this is the only place in meteorite city that specializes in purchasing and selling lingcao.
In Xuanling continent, lingcao is divided into one to ten levels. The higher the level, the higher the value of lingcao. Generally, the value of lingcao in the first level is more than ten gold coins, that of lingcao in the second level is more than one thousand gold coins, that of lingcao in the third level is more than ten thousand gold coins, and that of lingcao in the fourth level is higher
The value of the spirit grass is almost 100000 gold coins or more, and it is still priceless in general. The value of the spirit grass from the fifth level to the tenth level is even more inestimable.
Lingcaotang has only one or two levels of lingcao to buy. Generally, the lingcao above three or four levels will be auctioned at the auction. Only in this way can the price be higher.
In meteorite City, many army support groups and adventurers go to the nearby barren mountains to look for lingcao. Then, they get lingcao hall to exchange for gold coins. If someone is lucky enough to get lingcao of level 3 or above, he will be rich. However, in the wild mountains, there are a lot of spirit beasts coming out, and there are often some low-level spirit beasts in the periphery, which may not be dangerous. If you go deeper, you will lose your life if you meet high-level spirit beasts. Therefore, it is unrealistic for anyone who has the dream of looking for high-level spiritual grass everywhere, because it is often separated by powerful spiritual beasts before finding spiritual grass.
Ling Xiao hesitated for a moment, and went to the lingcaotang.
In front of the door, two pretty maids bowed and said, "welcome.".
Ling smiled and took a look at the two waitresses, secretly praised that "these two girls are much better than the three-star welcome girl lang.".
When I entered lingcaofeng, the spacious and comfortable hall was full of strong lingcaofeng flavor, but I felt a little breath of spirit.
From the counter on the right, Ling Xiao saw a strange spirit grass that he had never seen before placed in the counter, which dazzled him. Look
After a circle of the first level lingcao area, I went to the second level area.
"The second-order low-level spirit grass and cold star grass are worth fifteen gold coins. They can be used as medicine to practice pills, help the water warrior absorb them, increase Xuanli, and help heal wounds...".
Ling Xiao's eyes fell on a gray and lusterless spirit grass, looking at the instructions in front.
"Damn, such a rotten herb is so valuable?" Lingxiao said in her heart.
Then, he looked at other spirit grass, he saw a familiar spirit grass.
"The second-order low-level lingcao, the king of black ginseng, is worth eighteen gold coins. It has no attribute. It can be used as medicine to practice pills, increase Xuanli and prolong longevity......".
"This ginseng has at least 500 years. It's only a second-order low-level spirit grass. Isn't the second-order middle level spirit grass more than a thousand years old?" Lingxiao couldn't help thinking.
In fact, Lingxiao guessed only a part of it correctly. In addition to focusing on the year, lingcao mainly depends on its efficacy. The more significant the efficacy, the higher the grade.
Ling Xiao strolls around, an old man in front of the counter asks with a smile, "can young master have the spirit grass in the picture?".
"Ha ha, I'll take a look at it casually." Ling smiled, embarrassed.
"It doesn't matter" the old man nodded slightly, and there was no displeasure on his face.
After a turn, Ling Xiao is too embarrassed to just watch and not buy, just
When he was about to turn around and leave.
Ling smiled at the moment, happily accepted the "lingcaolu" and thanked him before leaving lingcaotang.
The old man took out a book from nowhere and handed it to Ling Xiao. "This is the lingcao record free of charge. Please take it back and have a look. If there is a suitable lingcao you can buy from us or a good lingcao you can provide us. The price of our lingcao hall is absolutely fair and reasonable.".
With the record of lingcao, Lingxiao can understand the types, functions and shapes of lingcao on the continent. After he gets through the twelve canons, he has to find some spirit grass to mend his body and increase his Xuanli. It's easy to advance, or it can be sold. It's no use without money these days, and finding spiritual grass is undoubtedly the fastest way to make money.
Ling laughs happily and chucks "lingcaolu" in her arms. Just about to go back, she finds that the street ahead is crowded by a group of people. Ling smiled curiously and pushed towards the crowd.
In meteorite City, except for the big families and a few businessmen with business ideas, it's good for ordinary civilians to eat enough and eat every day. Like some poor families, it's not strange that people starve to death. So now
I saw a long hair woman in simple clothes kneeling in front of the road, long hair covered her face, only from her body can be sure that this woman should only be about 15 or 6 years old, she has a card hanging on her chest, on which there are several bright red characters "selling body to bury mother".
Girls "selling their bodies to bury their mothers" are also common in meteorite city.
"Tut tut This girl has a good figure, so it should be good to buy back to be a close girl. "A rich businessman with a big belly looked at the girl kneeling on the ground with a narrow face.
"It's a good word, but if the dead person feels unlucky, he will be in trouble if it affects his fortune." said another thin and short middle-aged man in a gorgeous robe.
"Go, who doesn't know that Lu Donggua is afraid of your Tigress? If you let her know that you bought a maid, she will break your leg." the rich man with big belly disdains the thin and short middle-aged man. Then he says to the girl, "Hey, look up and let me have a look. If you are OK, I will buy you.".
The girl's body slightly quivered, slowly raised her head, and then gently lifted her long hair in front of her face.
A clean and white face appeared in front of us, showing the natural beauty without any powder, the curved willow eyebrows, a pair of autumn eyes full of countless grievances, which are pitiful, Qiong nose is quite cocked, red lips are round and attractive, making people have an impulse to immediately face up and absorb some.
This girl is actually a beauty. Her childishness is not fading, but she is also green. However, her exquisite figure is graceful. It's not hard to imagine that she must be a beautiful woman who has fallen out of the city as long as she grows up for two years.
All the men around swallowed their saliva, and their eyes were greedy.
"I'll give you ten gold coins, I'll take you," the rich man with a big belly couldn't wait to bid. Ten gold coins are enough for ordinary people to live for a year. If they are ordinary servants, they can only sell five gold coins. We need to know that the most important thing in Xuanling continent is the population. This meteorite City alone has a population of 230 million. We can imagine how many people there are in the vast continent.
"I'll give you 20 gold coins" the thin and short middle-aged man thought to himself, "Damn it, even if you want to fight with the old tiger mother at home, you have to buy this girl. It's so beautiful.
"Hum, I'll give you 30 gold coins," said the rich businessman with a big belly.
"I give 50 gold coins" at this time another rich merchant joined in the bidding.
"I give fifty-five gold coins.".
"I give sixty gold coins.".
...
The price keeps rising, which makes the civilians around shocked. They have never seen such a high price for a servant. If they change it, they will be killed by these gold coins.
At last, the rich businessman with big belly shocked and shouted, "I will give you 200 gold coins. If you are higher than me, I will give up.".
Kneeling on the ground, the girl's long hair covered her face again. She did not move, as if she did not care about the prices quoted by these rich businessmen.
"Wow!" Now, around
People are in a uproar.
Many rich businessmen shut their mouths one after another. It's not that they don't have money to bid, but they think it's not worthwhile to buy a maid with 200 gold coins.
"Hey... No one bid with me, then you are mine, "said the rich man with a greedy face, looking at the girl kneeling on the ground.
At this time, there was a commotion among the crowd, and they all gave way.
These 200 gold coins are enough to buy a lot of servants or beautiful women.
A arrogant young man came to the rich businessman with a big belly, pointed to the girl kneeling on the ground and said, "this girl, we young master want it, and none of you will think about it.".
"How can I do this? I have already offered 200 gold coins. Is your young master higher than me?" Said the rich man with a big belly unwillingly.
"Do you know who my young master is?" the young man snorted coldly.
"Whoever wants to compete with me for this woman will have to pay more than me." the big belly rich businessman is also a little famous in the meteorite. Besides several big families, he is not afraid of anyone.
"Is that right? It seems that my Li family's face doesn't work very well in the meteorite city. "Once again, the crowd spread out a road, and a young man of about 20 years old came in slowly, followed by several stout servants.
The young man was plain, thin, with a sickly pale complexion and frivolous feet. At first sight, he knew that he was a man of excessive drinking. He is
Chapter 006 preliminary battle (collection and recommendation)
The servants behind Li Guangyin have known their young master's character for a long time. They usually call for beating people, but they are seldom generous. So three or four people beat the rich businessman with a big belly.
"Click".
The crowd on the sidelines had already dispersed far away. They were afraid of the disaster.
"Ah" one of the servants broke his leg, which made him scream and fainted on the spot.
Li Guangyin said, "leave him far away, and don't get in the way here." so the servants carried the rich businessman away.
"Little sister, please look up to my brother," said Li Guangyin with a worried look.
Big belly rich businessmen sweat to beg for mercy, but Li Guangyin doesn't see in the eyes, only eyes on the kneeling girl. [first 520 novels]
The girl timidly raised her head, and once again pulled away the hair that covered her face, revealing her amazing face.
"Wow! "Li Guangyin shows his lusty light, rubbing his hands, and the water is coming out.
"Little, young master, if you are willing to pay for my mother's burial, the little girl is willing to be a slave and a servant." the girl fell on the ground and begged. Her voice, like crying, was really pitiful.
"Go away."
The rich businessman with big belly looked sideways, and when his face changed, his forehead immediately exuded cold sweat and respectfully said to Li Guangyin, "Yuan It turns out that it's Li Da Shao. How dare villains compete with Li Da Shao for women? Villains leave now Leave now.
The rich businessman with a big belly bowed and kept retreating.
"Hum, if you want to leave, you really don't pay attention to our Li family and break his leg," said Li Guangyin coldly.
As soon as the rich businessman with big belly heard this, he knelt down and begged for mercy and said, "please, Li Dabao Let me go... ".
Li Guangyin, a direct descendant of the Li family of the three great families in the meteorite City, is also a notorious villain in the city. He always bullies men and women everywhere because of the Li family. He is also called the "three villains" of the meteorite city together with Ling Rui and Luo Biao of the Ling family.
Don't miss the recommendation and collection of reading brothers```
[first 520 novels]
Qi, your mother is dead, and you bury farts. Come on, let's go with the young master. As long as you can serve me comfortably, I will buy you new clothes and jewelry for you. "Li Guangyin said as he tried to reach for the girl.
The girl is stubborn and filial, avoiding Li Guangyin and saying, "young master, you don't want to pay to bury my mother, I won't go with you.".
"Oh, you dare not. Didn't you see that my temper was not so good just now, young master? Come back with me, maybe I will let you be a close girl. If you dare to resist again, don't blame me for my ruthlessness. "Li Guangyin put his hands in his waist, which was a little uncomfortable.
That girl no longer answer words, stood up, may be kneeling too long, blood is not smooth reason, almost stumbled again kneeling.
"Yes, that's what it's like," Li Guangyin said proudly.
Unexpectedly, the girl said nothing and turned around to leave.
"Little PI Niang wants to run, stop her for me." Li Guangyin shouted loudly. He was so angry that he didn't take her seriously. He had to make sure the woman couldn't get up.
Li Guangyin stepped forward and raised his hand to fight the girl.
The girl closed her eyes tightly and seemed to have accepted the fate of being beaten.
Several servants stopped the girl who wanted to run away.
At this time, a white hand grabbed Li Guangyin's arm and let him
I can't wave it down.
"It's a shame that Li family bullied a girl who has no chicken power." Ling smiled at Li Guangyin with a disdainful smile. He has been watching for a long time. If this girl is finally bought and found by a rich businessman, he will never come out to interfere, but everyone will love me. It's not against the law. It's none of his business. He doesn't have to be compassionate to help others change their fate.
However, no matter in this life or in the past, Lingxiao is most disgusted with this bully. If Li Guangyin is willing to bury the girl's mother, it's OK. But this guy wants to save the money for the funeral. He wants to take people away directly. He is so disgusted with Li Guangyin that he chooses to stop it.
Li Guangyin was stopped. He was very angry. He looked around and was stunned. Then he laughed and said, "who do I think is the most powerful 'genius' in our meteorite city? Why, can't you bully' genius' to rob women with me?".
When Ling Xiao was 15 years old, he broke through the xuanzhe stage and became a low-level Xuanshi. He was once known as a rare talent in meteorite city for a hundred years. However, he was not long ago secretly calculated, and his accomplishments were abandoned, and he became an invalid talent. Everyone knows about his "scenery stories" in meteorite city.
Ling Xiao doesn't think so. "Just now someone bought this girl with 200 gold coins. If you want this girl, Li Da Shao, you have to give 500 gold coins to make sense of it. Otherwise, you will lose your Li family's face.".
Li Guangyin shook Ling Xiao's hand and said contemptuously, "Ling Juncai, did you get kicked in the head by the donkey? If Ling Rui is here, maybe I will give him some face, but you are not even a warrior, you are qualified to teach me? Don't blame me for being rude to you.
"It seems that you are not going to pay?" Ling smiled and flashed a sharp light.
"Damn it, I'm going to kill her in the street to see what you can do to me," Li Guangyin scolded, and was going to be rude to the girl.
Although Li Guangyin has a common talent and is not good at practising martial arts, he is the lowest of the three villains in terms of force, but he is also an eight level martial artist. Of course, he doesn't take Ling Xiao as a "useless talent". Besides, there are so many servants around him, each of whom can be a three or four level martial artist.
"This is what you asked for, no wonder I am." Ling smiled and snorted. He stepped out of the "shadow of the cloud" and came to Li Guangyin in an instant.
"Flowing water and Flowing Clouds", I took a picture of Li Guangyin's back brain.
Li Guangyin's reaction was fast enough to avoid the sneak attack behind his head. However, Lingxiao slapped his shoulder firmly, which made him stagger forward for a few steps. The pain from his shoulder made him uncomfortable.
"You want to die" Li Guangyin turns around and pours at Ling Shao's face with a fist. The speed is very fast. It's just before Ling Shao.
However, today's Lingxiao is not the original Lingxiao. He is half martial and has reached level 6
Our strength, coupled with the pace of "cloud shadow", is more than twice as fast as Li Guangyin.
Ling Xiao has rich experience in fighting in his previous life. He chose to attack hard with softness for such a pure strength attack.
He tilted his head, raised his hand and grabbed Li Guangyin's arm. Then, Li Guangyin jumped forward with him. At this time, he kicked Li Guangyin in the lower leg.
"Plop" Li Guangyin pours a shit forward.
"Young master" those servants immediately exclaimed, one after another want to run to help.
Lingxiao is ready to fight. He just needs to practice his body's reaction ability. He steps on the "cloud shadow" at his feet, and his hands attack a servant at the front.
"Flowing water and clouds".
The servant didn't respond. Ling smiled and slapped the door in the face. He stepped backward and fell down.
At this time, two servants have attacked Ling Xiao. One is waving his fist and the other is kicking in the air. They want to attack Ling Xiao unprepared.
Lingxiao is not afraid of it. Instead, she shows a smile. Her steps are constantly changing. She goes around behind one of them. The first "frost wind blows on the face" fist of Tianshuang fist hits the back of the man. Then she turns over in the air and kicks out several leg shadows. This is the first "catch the wind and shadow" of Fengshen leg.
In an instant, the two servants were turned over by Ling Xiao.
At this time, the most attacking
Not far away, Li Guangyin stared at Ling's majestic smile and shivered, "hard Is this Can you cultivate Xuanli again.
After the three servants, Ling Xiao was full of fighting spirit and turned into a shadow. Before the three attacked, they always took a surprise move to knock people over.
When Ling Xiao knocks down the last one, Li Guangyin no longer hesitates, turns around and runs away.
"If you want to escape, there is no door." Ling laughs and snorts. She chases after her like a swallow and kicks Li Guangyin heavily on the back.
Li Guangyin screams and pours a shit again.
Ling smiled and stepped on Li Guangyin's face, disdaining to say, "why didn't Li TAISHAO escape?". Ling Xiao likes the feeling of stepping on people very much. He vowed to improve his strength as soon as possible. As long as he has the strength, he can reign in the world again.
Ling... Ling Shao, please lift your feet and let me go. Here Can I leave this woman alone? " Li Guangyin's face was in close contact with the ground and begged for mercy. He didn't expect that he had just beaten that big belly, and in an instant he was repaired. It was not good for him!
"Hum, I'm not as arrogant as you, Li Da Shao. Take out 500 gold coins and I'll let you go." Ling smiled coldly.
"Damn, is xiaoguizi dead? "If you don't die, do as Ling Shao said, and give lingshao 500 gold coins," Li Guangyin scolded.
A young man
Quickly got up, holding a bag of heavy gold coins, respectfully handed to Ling Xiao's hand.
"Yes, yes," Li Guangyin got up, even after a few words, he didn't care to call his servants, and hurried away.
Ling Xiao ignores Li Guangyin's people again, turns around, sees that the girl still stands in the presence, seems to be frightened by the situation just now.
Ling Xiao came to her and handed the gold coin to the woman and said, "take it. Find a better place for your mother to bury. The rest of the gold coin is enough for you to do some small business.".
Lingxiao was born to be pitiful. Just now, he saw the girl's face, and even he had to marvel at the woman's face. As long as he dressed up a little, it was definitely much more beautiful than the stars of his previous life, and the prospect of development was even more impressive. It's just that the woman is so pitiful that he can't have any dirty ideas. She just wants to help her purely consciously.
The woman reached out her delicate hand, timidly took the gold coin, then knelt heavily on the ground and said, "thank you, young master Thank you, young master... ".
When the woman raised her head, she found Ling Xiao was far away.
Ling laughs and thinks about it, kicks Li Guangyin and says, "get out of here. If I see you bullying men and women again, I won't let you go.".
"Benefactor, I will definitely go to you. I am already your man.".
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 007 Bai Yuxi (collection and recommendation)
Lingxiao's achievements in the first World War of Chengnan Street spread like a plague in an instant. [first 520 novels]
He was once a rare genius in meteorite city for a hundred years. He rose like a golden sun!
He once turned into a useless talent overnight, he once fell like a comet!
Whether he once became famous for his glory or now he is forgotten for his shame, but now he has once again become the focus of meteorite city.
Li Guangyin is kneeling in front of his father and dare not lift his arrogant head.
The middle-aged man in front of the main hall, who is not angry with Ziwei, is his father Li Yuanhua, the second son of the middle-level Xuanshi. The young man sitting at the bottom right of his head is similar to Li Guangyin in three aspects. It's Li Guanghan, the elder brother of Li Guangyin's half father and half mother, the strength of the senior Xuanshi. In the same generation, people are the generation with outstanding talents. I believe that within a year or two, Xuanli can be released , a strong man who has broken through to the level of Xuanshi.
Li Guangyin kept nodding and said, "Dad, what the kid said is true. It's definitely Lingxiao. Xiaoguizi can do it for me
Li Yuanhua asked lightly, "are you sure it's Ling Jialing who beat you today? That Ling Xiao with his father, Ling Zhan, is said to be unable to practice martial arts anymore.
Certificate ".
Li Yuanhua turned to his eldest son and said, "what do you think of Guanghan?".
"Is it true that Ling Xiao can't practice martial arts any more, deliberately paralyzing everyone, and letting us give up our fear of Ling Xiao so that Ling Xiao can practice in peace?" Li Yuanhua guessed.
"I think the second brother's words should be true," said Li Guanghan.
Li Guanghan said to himself, "I don't think so. Although this can make everyone ignore the existence of Ling Xiao, it hurts the face of Ling's family, which is not worth the loss.".
Li Yuanhua waved his hand and said, "if you can let Lingxiao, a rare genius in one hundred years, practice hard, even if you lose a little face, what's the matter? In case Lingxiao breaks through the level of spiritual master, how can several people stand him in meteorite city? So Lingjia has added a lot of help.".
"Or let the child try him?" Asked Li Guanghan.
"I'll make a decision after I discuss with your grandfather," Li Yuanhua said in a deep voice. Then he scolded Li Guangyin, "waste, you've lost all the face of Li's family. Go to the back mountain and think about it. Don't take half a step in a month.".
Li Guangyin breathed a sigh of relief and said, "yes, Dad.".
Lingrui's residence.
The pockmarks wrapped in white cloth on the bridge of nose are telling Ling Rui today's story vividly.
After hearing
After that, Ling Rui frowned and fell into deep thought. After a while, he waved his hand to let pockmarked go down, and then walked out of the door.
He came to the East chamber and knocked.
"Come in..." A faint voice came from the room.
In the room sat a middle-aged man in a blue robe, with a slightly protruding forehead, a thin face, a pair of eagle eyes that made life cold, and a volume of books in his hand.
"Father" Ling Rui bows to greet.
At present, this middle-aged man is Ling Chong, Ling Rui's father. He is a middle-level Xuanshi. He only needs to practice for another year and can definitely break through to become a senior Xuanshi.
"What's up with sharp?" Ling Chong still looked at the book and asked.
"I have something to report to you," said Ling Rui.
"Say to listen to" Ling Chong put down the book, facing Ling Rui.
Then, Ling Rui reports to his father about Lingxiao's beating pockmarks and dogs' noses, as well as the beating of Li Guangyin and his party in the market today.
After listening to his son's report, Ling Chong frowned, then waved and said, "OK, I see. Go out first, and don't bother Ling Xiao before the family test.".
Lingrui replied respectfully, and then left the door.
Before long, Ling rushed out of the door, body flash, toward the direction of the family courtyard.
...
For other people's reaction, Ling Xiaoran didn't realize it, returned home to greet his parents, and entered the room again. Then, we began to study lingcaolu. As long as we master lingcaolu and try to get some lingcaolu, we can not only improve our physique and strength, but also make a lot of money. This small day can definitely be very nourishing.
For three days in a row, Lingxiao would spend two hours reading books every day. The rest of the time was to cultivate Xuanli and strive to break through the twelve canons as soon as possible.
In the past three days, Ling Xiao once again conflicts with one meridian, and has already got through seven meridians. After that, in less than half a month, he can definitely get through all twelve meridians, recover the body of the martial artist, and then he can receive Xuanli in Dantian, and cultivate the first level and three-thirds of vitality. With his present talent, it is not a problem to cultivate to the seventh level of the hegemonic in those days, and it is not a problem to cultivate to the eighth and ninth levels.
Lingxiao is particularly excited to think of this place. In this land where martial arts are the most important and the king, he can gallop across the country, be proud of the Jianghu, and act at will. No longer do anything like the previous life, he has to be restricted by the secular rules and regulations. He has the greatest dream of all men, "wake up and control the world, lie in the beauty's knees". He believes that he is definitely not here Dream!
In the morning, Ling Xiao finally saw lingcaolu in a state of seventy-eight. Unexpectedly, her memory changed greatly as she went through it,
After reading the book for the second time, it's all printed in my mind. I can't erase it.
"Lingcaolu" is useless. Lingxiao leaves it at the head of the bed and is ready to meditate.
There was a knock outside the door, and then his mother's voice "smile, someone is looking outside.".
Ling Xiao was puzzled and walked out of the room and asked, "Mom, who is looking for me?". He searched his memory. He turned out to be a cultivation maniac. He had no friends at all. He couldn't figure out who would come to him.
Dream Xi cloud looked at gradually strong son very satisfied smile, and then said "a little girl outside said to look for you.".
"Little girl?" Lingxiao was stunned for a while, then a pretty face appeared, wondering, "is it her?".
Lingxiao and mengxiyun walk to the front door together.
I saw a girl in simple and simple clothes standing in front of the door, holding the bundle tightly in her hands. Isn't she the woman Ling Xiao saved at the market a few days ago?
Now she has simply tied up her hair, which looks like ink and waterfall. A beautiful face, which looks like lotus, is full of bright red. It looks very smart and charming. The willow eyebrows, apricot eyes, Qiong nose and red lips are all perfect. The bulging chest, like a bud, can bloom at any time. The slim waist, full grip, round buttocks, and repair Long legs are more graceful and attractive.
As soon as the woman saw Ling Xiao, she knelt down and said respectfully, "the maid has seen the young master.".
Lingxiao and mengxiyun are both stunned.
Ling Xiao hurriedly went up to help the girl up, but temporarily asked Meng Xiyun for help.
Dream Xi cloud just came forward to help the girl up and said, "little girl up to talk.".
"What's the matter? It's not proper for you to kneel like this," Ling said with a smile. He is in a fog now. I don't know what the girl is about.
The girl still knelt on the ground and refused to get up.
The girl listened to Lingxiao's words very much and answered "yes, young master", then she slowly stood up.
"Come, what can I say in the room?" mengxiyun looked at the young man up and down. The bright smile on his face was enough to prove that she was very satisfied with the woman. As a daughter-in-law, she did not feel aggrieved by her son.
Back in the hall, mengxiyun and Lingxiao sat down, but the woman refused to sit down, just standing beside Lingxiao.
At this time, Ling smiled and said, "sit down.".
"Maidservant dare not" the young girl said with a slight head.
Lingxiao is speechless. I dare to say that this woman really regards him as her maid.
"What's your name?" Ling asked with a smile.
"The maidservant is called Bai Yuxi," the girl replied.
"Yuxi, Xiaoyu is a very nice name,
Lingxiao just finished saying that, Bai Yuxi knelt down again, and she sobbed, "Yuxi has already made a strong oath. If anyone helps me bury my mother, I will give him as a slave. If the young master insists on not being a slave, then Then the maidservant can only repay the young master's kindness by death.
Bai Yuxi listens to Lingxiao's words, but he doesn't speak. He just keeps crying.
"This, Khan, you woman, what a bullshit oath, I don't want you to be my servant, isn't it good? We can be friends. We can sit on equal footing and talk about people "Lingxiao, a good friend who discusses martial arts, is really speechless about the girl's stubbornness. She has to explain it. Even the" discussion of life "has to be said. Fortunately, she changed her tune in time.
Ling Xiao has to turn to his mother again.
"Xiao'er, what's the matter? Talk to your mother." Meng Xiyun can't understand the relationship between the two. He's confused.
It's very suitable for you. "Ling said with a smile and a smile. After a pause, he said," rain cherishes small Miss Yuxi, I just couldn't stand Li Guangyin's evil deeds that day, so I didn't intend to teach him a lesson, so you don't need to pay attention to it. Even if it's over that day, you don't need to be a servant for me. Besides, money is not mine. If you really want to repay me, we will be good friends later. Do you agree? ".
So Ling Xiao said it very simply. I just said that I helped Bai Yuxi very casually, and
Chapter 008 excited Ling Zhan
The lingzhan family has not been so happy for a long time!
Even lingzhan, a man with a stuffy face all day, rarely has a happy smile today.
A table of rich delicacies was placed on the table, the whole family was sitting at the table, and there was a coquettish and moving woman. There were four people chatting happily while eating. [first 520 novels]
Lingxiao raised his glass and smiled to the family. "From today on, Yuxi is my mother's dry daughter, my father's dry daughter, and my dry sister. The four of us are one family. I hope that we can love each other forever and have this drink.".
After that, Ling Xiao looks up and pours down the wine. With such a beautiful sister, Ling Xiao is heartily happy.
"Yes, yes, Xiaoer is right. Our family should love each other forever." mengxiyun looked at his son, obviously moved by his son's words, and hurriedly covered his face to drink the wine. She can't believe that this is her son, because since her son's channels were abandoned, she has become silent, everything has been hidden in her heart, just thinking about how to regain Xuanli. In the past half month, she realized that her son has become cheerful, and she was very happy.
Ling Zhan smiled and drank the wine.
Bai Yuxi drank the wine shamefully, then took the wine pot to pour the wine for the three people, and the people did not refuse.
Bai Yuxi is now coming to fulfill her vow to be his servant.
Ling Xiao couldn't help saying in her heart, "did Lao Tzu's character explode so much that any special object took a fancy to himself and even pasted it upside down?".
Dream Xi cloud finally understood, so to white rain Xi open way, "little girl, do you really plan to follow my family for a lifetime laugh?".
Bai Yuxi firmly points out that "yes, madam, in this life, Yuxi is willing to serve the young master as a slave, a servant, a horse and a cow, and will never repent.".
"Well, I'll take you for Xiao'er, and you will be our Ling family later, but it's not my maid, but my dry daughter. Would you like to?" Dream Xi cloud holding white rain Xi's hand said kindly.
"To be a daughter?" Ling Xiao and Bai Yuxi are stunned.
Happy New Year's day to all of you ~ ~ ~ please give a little support to purity. Thank you`~~~
[first 520 novels]
Bai Yuxi picked up the wine of mengxiyun and knelt down in front of mengxiyun to "dry, dry mother, Yuxi toasted you".
"Good, good, there is nothing for Ganma to give you. Although this golden power is not a precious thing, it's also an ornament that has been close to my body for many years. Now it's given to you, and you're Ganma's good daughter." mengxiyun always wanted a daughter, but after lingzhan was abandoned, her ability in that area was also blocked. Now she is happy that she finally gets what she wants.
Bai Yuxi is not coquettish either. Thanks for taking Jincha back. Then he toasted Ling Zhan and finally Ling Xiao.
Who knows, Ling Xiaogang let go of Bai Yuxi, and she knelt down again. "The young master is the benefactor of the maidservant. Now although my wife takes me as her daughter, the young master is already my master in the heart of the maidservant. My mother taught me from childhood. The grace of dripping water should be reported to each other by the spring. Please reject the maidservant in a hurry. The maidservant will be able to serve the young master.".
Bai Yu spared a few cups of wine, and her face was already blushing. When she came to Ling Xiao, she was about to kneel down. Ling Xiao was the first to stop her, saying, "you and I are brothers and sisters, so why do we have so many gifts? You drink this cup of wine. As for the gift, I will make it up for you some day later." Ling Xiao then drank up the wine.
"How can I do this? Get up quickly. We will be brothers and sisters in the future. How can we let you be my servant?" Ling Xiao quickly waved.
"Forget it, smile, since
Who knows, Bai Yuxi actually wants to cry again.
Yuxi is so considerate. She should serve you. Anyway, we should have a maid, just... " Dream Xi cloud advised from the side said.
Ling smiled helplessly and nodded, "OK, OK, rain Xi, get up quickly. You can't kneel without moving. Otherwise, I will drive you out of the house directly, and no one can stop me.".
"Thank you, young master." Bai Yuxi immediately thanked him, which made him stand up again.
After the family finished their dinner, Ling Zhan called Ling Xiao to the study.
"The other day you beat Li Guangyin of the Li family?" Lingzhan asked immediately.
Ling Xiao has nothing to hide. He immediately points out "yes".
After hearing Ling Xiao's affirmation, Ling Zhan's body trembled slightly. Then he looked at Ling Xiao excitedly and said, "you, can you practice Xuanli again?".
Looking at lingzhan's fiery eyes, Lingxiao doesn't know how to answer. It's not that he doesn't want to admit it, but how to explain his situation after admitting it. It's impossible to say that I'm not your own son. I'm a passer-by. Let's use the internal mental skill of my previous life to break through the meridians by myself. If we don't admit that we beat Li Guangyin, how can we explain it? It's impossible to say that the other party is too fussy, even if he's useless. That's obviously not true.
"Xiao'er, do you have any questions?" Lingzhan saw Lingxiao's hesitation and asked nervously.
"Dad, to be honest, I really can
To rebuild Xuanli, but... " Ling smiled and said, "I'm embarrassed.".
"Really, that's why?" Ling Zhan was first happy, then serious and said, "are you What magic skill have you cultivated.
Ling Zhan once heard that there was a man who had lost all energy channels in meteorite city before. Later, he cultivated some magic skills and became a blood sucking devil. At last, several family experts went out to encircle and exterminate the devil. However, in that war, eight experts were killed by the devil and suffered a lot.
"How could it be?" Lingxiao replied immediately. Then he said, "Dad, I was going to tell you the news later. Now that you know it, I'll tell you, but you have to keep it secret for me.".
At this time, Ling Xiao began to weave a kind flurry saying, "Dad, I was beaten half dead by Ling Rui half a month ago. You know that. Then I slept for three days and three nights and didn't wake up. Do you know why?".
Ling Zhan sighed and nodded, "dad knows that you are my son. Even if I die, I don't want anything to happen to you.".
Ling Zhan listened carefully and shook his head in coordination.
"Fairy dream?" Lingzhan was surprised.
Ling smiled a little and said, "yes, I had a long dream at that time
"That's because I'm having a fairy dream," Ling said with a serious smile.
"There is such a magic thing," said Ling Zhan excitedly. Looking at Ling Xiao's serious appearance, he believed seven or eight points. In addition, Ling Xiao's cultivation has achieved results. He believed even more. Besides, the mainland is so vast. It's said that there are very powerful people in some places. Maybe some of them are interested in his son, and they want to accept his son as an apprentice Fixed. Think of here, Ling Zhan's eyes become hot.
A fairy named Sanjue wants to take me as an apprentice when he sees my bone Scripture is strange. He has taught me a lot of mysterious skills. One of them can open the closed channels. At first, I thought he was a liar. I didn't expect that I tried to practice, but I could really open the channels. It's not long before Xiangxin can open the twelve classics, and then I can become Xuan again Well, I was going to tell Dad about it after I got through all twelve channels.
"Ah, it's my father's fault. OK, you go out. My father will not interfere with you any more. Remember, you must practice hard and live up to the immortal's expectations." lingzhan patted himself on the back of the head and said with great chagrin.
"Yes, but the immortal said that I can't tell others about it." Ling smiled timidly, as if he said it and was afraid to be known by the immortal.
Ling Xiao can see that this cheap dad is not the kind of person who is eager for quick success and instant benefit, and he also cares about him. He thinks it's really good to have these parents.
"Dad, since now
I've told you all about it. Now I'll teach you that mysterious skill that can get through the channels, so that you can get out of the dilemma as soon as possible. Later, who dares to call our father and son "ducai" and let them go to see the king of hell? "Ling xiaozhengrong said.
"Is that right? If the immortal knew it, would he blame you? " Ling zhanhu's body was shocked. His fists were tightly clenched. His state had betrayed his heart.
He has been abandoned for 12 years. He has been despised and satirized for 12 years. He is drunk in chaos every day. He once thought about suicide. Fortunately, his wife keeps comforting him and sees his son's amazing talent. This makes him stick to it. Who knows, his son went his old way again two years ago and was secretly calculated. At last, he can't find out who is the murderer and the two fathers The son can only nest in the small courtyard without any attention. He dreams of returning to the family and helping his father.
Now, as long as the son a word, he can stand up again, he can not be excited? Don't you want to? But if he accepted his son's teaching and was afraid to be known by the immortal, wouldn't he hurt his son? He has a lot of internal contradictions.
Ling Xiao seemed to see through his father's contradiction and hurriedly said, "Dad, it's OK. The immortal once said that this mysterious skill is just the most common one for him, which can be controlled by me. He will not blame me for passing it on to anyone.".
"Really... It's true that Ling Zhan was so excited that his tears slipped
Ling Xiao said that there is no nonsense in passing it on. Anyway, he has decided to forget the past, devote himself to filial piety to his parents, and become a new self in a different world.
Lingzhan is not as familiar with the three internal skills of frost Qi, cloud dispelling energy and wind divine skill as Lingxiao. So it's hard to remember these pithy formulas until Lingxiao has said them five times. Then he tells lingzhan the essence of "three points return to vitality". Later, he will cultivate himself.
Ling Xiao looks at Ling Zhan, who has devoted himself to the cultivation, and doesn't say anything more. He exits the study directly.
Ling Xiao returns to her room, but sees Bai Yuxi standing in front of her door. She can't help but smile bitterly. She is so determined to be his maid.
"You have come back, young master, and the maid has put the bath water in place. Now, the maid will serve the young master to bathe and change clothes." Bai Yuxi said with a little ceremony.
Ling Xiao saw that she was so stubborn, and also gave up the idea of letting her go. Since she wanted to repay her kindness, it was up to her. It was also a matter of great face to think that she had such a gorgeous maid around her.
Ling smiled and nodded. After opening the door, he saw that the bucket was full of warm water.
"The maidservant helps the young master to change clothes" Bai Yuxi comes forward and clumsily helps Ling Xiao take off his clothes.
Come down. At the beginning, he was destroyed and never cried, but now he lost his temper in front of his son, which shows how excited he is now.
Ling Xiao looks at the tender red color on her delicate face. She is ready to be brave. Even if Ling Xiao wants her, she will never resist. However, Lingxiao will never threaten to ask for color. Even if he wants to cherish the white rain, it is only when everyone is willing to do it without any other disputes.
"OK, you can pack the water later. I'm used to bathing alone. Go back to have a rest." Ling Xiao took off his coat and said to Bai Yuxi.
"This, this does not work, maidservant," Bai Yuxi said quickly.
Before she finished, Ling Xiao interrupted her words and said, "do you want to violate my order?".
Bai Yuxi immediately panicked and said, "I dare not!".
"If you don't dare, do as I tell you," Ling said with a deep smile.
"It's the young master" Bai Yuxi looks at Ling with a complicated smile. After making a gift, he exits the door.
"This girl, it seems that we need to have a good adjustment." Ling laughed and jumped into the bucket and said to himself.
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 009 purchase of weapons
Ten days later. [first 520 novels]
Tonight, he is preparing to strike the eleventh meridian.
Ling Xiao has been in the world for a whole month. According to the budget, he can break through the twelve classics. Unfortunately, the last several meridians break through the extraordinary difficulties. So far, he has only got through the tenth meridians.
Xuanli, which has been accumulating strength for a long time, has formed a turbulent heat flow, moving forward unimpeded until it meets the pass.
The whole body energy of "rumbling" impacts on the closed meridians.
He has now failed for the fifteenth time.
The huge impact made Ling Xiao scream and scream again because of the prickly pain like a cone. Dou Da's sweat was running wildly. His whole body was wet. His blue tendons appeared suddenly. There was a little blood light between his pores. The whole man looked extremely ferocious and terrible.
"Shit, I don't believe to break through." Ling smiled and bit his teeth. Once again, he built up his strength and launched the impact again.
"Boom".
"Poof" this time Lingxiao didn't succeed. Instead, she was engulfed by the energy and was shocked into an internal injury. A mouthful of blood was sprayed out of her mouth.
"Fuck, I almost killed Laozi." Ling Xiao fell to the ground and became weak.
Just
In this way, Ling smiled and squinted for a quiet night.
When he woke up the next day, he became energetic again, as if he had not been hurt, thanks to the function of self-healing.
Ling Xiaogang walked out of the room and immediately found that Bai Yuxi had already prepared the water for washing his face waiting at the door.
Ling Xiao is used to her service. She smiles at her and says, "rain pity, you get up early, hard you.". Ling smiled and picked up the towel to wash her face.
Bai Yuxi said with a moving smile, "it's natural for me to serve the young master. There's nothing difficult.".
Ling Xiaogang just saw her smile and couldn't help being a little bit stunned!
Bai Yuxi, as always, has a pretty face and a plain face, without a trace of powder. She is born with smooth and delicate skin. She has curved eyes, round and thin red cherry mouth, and two shallow dimples beside her, which are easy to sink into.
Bai Yuxi is stared at by Ling Xiao so much. He jumps fast and fast in his heart. His heart surges up with a sweet feeling. He doesn't look like the pretty face raised by red cloud, which is even more coquettish and moving.
"Yes... I'm sorry. "Ling smiled and apologized, put the towel down, ran to the courtyard and began the morning exercise.
Ling Xiao, while stepping on the "cloud trace phantom", secretly scolded himself shameless. When he saw Bai Yuxi just now, he had a reaction.
Bai Yuxi looks at Ling smiling at the strange step, suddenly
Once again bloom like a flower like smile, so that all the surrounding scenery must be darkened.
"Brother Zhan, what's the matter with you?" then I heard the disturbing voice of mengxiyun.
As soon as Ling Xiao stopped, his father ran out of the room.
At this time, lingzhan was like a kid who just got candy and was excited. He smiled at lingzhan and said, "son, Dad, I succeeded, I succeeded!".
Before long, in a house came a burst of hearty laughter, "ha ha, I succeeded!".
Ling smiled and said, "Dad, have you got through all the channels?".
Ling smiled and immediately let Ling Zhan smile awkwardly and said, "how can it be so fast? I just Just get through the first channel, ten days of efforts have finally achieved results, I believe that within half a year, I will be able to cultivate again, ha ha ".
"Oh, that's good. I wish Dad a speedy recovery of his strength," Ling said with congratulations. In the past ten days, his father has been practicing in seclusion. Now he is out of the customs. He laughs very happily. He thought that his father has got through all the meridians. Unexpectedly, he just got through one meridians. He can't help but feel a little happy.
Seeing that Ling Xiao was not sincere, Ling Zhan asked, "smile, how long did it take you to break through the first channel?".
"Also used very long time" Ling Xiao didn't want to hit his father's confidence, thought.
Hearing this, Ling Zhan straightened his back and said, "you
I don't need to be discouraged. It's also through day and night's cultivation that I can make a breakthrough in such a short time. As long as you keep working hard every day, I believe you can have dad's speed soon. ".
Ling Xiao was speechless. He was too lazy to beat his father's confidence. He was going back to his house.
However, lingzhan was a little over excited. He proudly asked, "smile, you have been practicing for a month, how many channels have you got through?". In fact, he thought in his heart, will the son just get through one or two, will get through the meridians is a very painful process, I don't know if the son can get over it!
"Still short of two to get through the twelve classics," Ling said with a smile and turned back to his room.
"Two are also good What, we're still two short of getting through? " Ling Zhan said to himself, and suddenly cried out in horror.
It took him ten days to get through the first meridians. I thought it was amazing, but my son only took one month to get through the ten meridians, which was several times faster than him!
In an instant, lingzhan seems to have been splashed with cold water from head to leg, and all the pride is impotent.
Dream Xiyun patted lingzhan's shoulder and said, "brother Zhan, what do you call blind in the early morning?".
"No, I can't lose to my son." lingzhan ignored his wife, shook his head, and his eyes became firm. Then he turned around and ran back to the study.
"What's the matter, like a child with dry hair?" said the husband who ran back to the study with a sad look.
King Wushen had to buy some gold coins in lingcaotang, but he wanted 1800 gold coins. This money is not available to ordinary people. If his father can get the family's reuse, maybe it's nothing. But now their family's status is completely lost, and only 30 gold coins are subsidized in a month. These 1800 gold coins are astronomical data for them.
So Ling Xiao had to go to the wild mountains to find out if he wanted to get the king of Wushen.
Lingxiao didn't practice any more today. Last night, he failed to break through the 11th channel. He knew that the channel might be damaged too much, so he planned to go to the huangcong mountains to find a second-order black ginseng king. Wushenwang has the effect of dispersing meridians and activating collaterals, increasing Xuanli and prolonging longevity. It can be taken directly. Although taking wushenwang can't help him to break through the meridians directly, it can relax and guide the meridians, expand the original meridians, enhance Xuanli, and help him to break through the barrier at one stroke when he flushes the meridians again.
After bathing, Ling Xiao changed into a set of white robes, and her long hair was combed by Bai Yuxi. With his handsome face, she had a kind of elegant and beautiful youth's color.
However, before going to the wild mountains, Ling Xiao has to go to the market to prepare some field supplies and find a weapon to weigh his hand. He needs to know that his most powerful martial arts are not only frost fist, cloud palm and aeolian leg, but also more powerful killing skills that have never been shown.
"Yuxi, I'm going to the market today. Do you want to go with me?" Ling asked with a smile.
Bai Yu said in a soft voice, "listen to the young master.
"I've told you all the time. I won't say the word" maidservant "in the future, or I won't let you serve any more." Ling smiled.
"Slave... Rain Xi know, "white rain Xi slightly red eyes, holding the corner of the grievance said.".
Ling Xiao felt soft, stroked Bai Yuxi's face and said, "be obedient, remember that you are our Ling family, not a maid or maid, but my father's and mother's daughter. Do you want to raise your chest to be a human being?".
Bai Yuxi blinked her long eyelashes, and her face was red and lovely. She felt Ling Xiao's gentle touch, as if the whole heart had been melted by Ling Xiao. She immediately whispered, "I listen to the young master, and I will only serve the young master and his parents in the future.".
"Well, that's right. Go with me to the market," Ling said with a smile and a nod. He said this in order to build up Bai Yuxi's self-confidence and make her strong and independent life in the future.
After a quarter of an hour's walk from home, they came to the meteorite City collection again.
"Yuxi, do you know any weapon shops?" Ling Xiao turns her head to the white rain.
Bai Yuxi didn't know what he was thinking just now. He was stunned and said, "what do you ask me, young master?".
"Do you know where there are weapons for sale?" Ling
Smile again.
"I know there is a family in the east of the city," said Bai yuxiying.
"OK, take me there," Ling said with a smile.
After another walk, they came to a shop with various weapons hanging at the door.
Ling smiled and looked at it, then walked in.
"You two, please have a look at what weapons you want to weigh your hand," said an old man who was nearly 50 years old.
Ling smiled and nodded at the old man, then went directly to the place where all kinds of swords were placed.
These swords are of special shape, but they lack an attractive aura. At a glance, they are just ordinary soldiers.
However, it is not easy to find a good weapon in such a place.
Lingxiao takes a dazzling sword and looks at it. The appearance of the sword is very impressive. The handle of the sword is dragon head, and the body of the sword is carved with several holy lines. It should be a good sword.
"Young master, your vision is very good. This is a first-order middle-level dragon sword, which is made of rare black iron. Its net weight is 48 kg. Even the second-order mountain piercing beast can be cut," the old man immediately introduced.
The second level mountain piercing beast is a kind of spirit beast with strong defense, and its skin and flesh cannot be damaged by general weapons.
"How much is the sword?" Ling asked with a smile.
"Only 70 gold coins, if you really need them, 68 gold coins
Chapter 010 Luo Qingshuang
"First level high-level green rain sword, net weight 10 kg, price 150 gold coins"
"First level high-level ghost Dao, net weight 30 kg, price 380 gold coins"
"The second-order low-level stone gun, with a net weight of 20 kg, costs 1200 gold coins.". [first 520 novels]
"The second-order low-level soul grabbing hook, with a net weight of 22 kg, costs 1800 gold coins.".
...
Ling Xiao looks at these weapons with wide eyes. They all look extraordinary. Unfortunately, she can't even afford them. She shakes her head.
When the old man is tight, don't the young master look down on him as well.
"Young master, I have the best weapons in meteorite city. These are made by Li Lao, the most famous weapons master in our city. I am the only designated sales point here. If you can't find the right weapons here, you won't have them anywhere else." the old man boasted to Ling with a smile for fear of losing such a big customer.
However, what he said is also true. Li is the only third-order master of low-level weapon smelting in meteorite city. In meteorite City, he is the only one who can refine into second-order high-level weapons.
"I know what you said, but What I want to find is a three-level xuanbing. I don't know if there is one in your shop, "Ling said sadly.
Weapons are generally divided into
I'll let you take it away. "The old man can talk.
"68 gold coins?" Lingxiao's eyes widened at the words. Last time, the pocketbook he grabbed from pockmarks was only twenty-five gold coins. However, such a first-order medium-level weapon was so expensive that he could afford it there.
"I'll see what other weapons there are." Ling Xiao naturally can't look like a poor man. He was a face loving guy, he said in a pretentious way.
The old man's eyes brightened, then smiled at Ling and said, "we have some excellent weapons in the backyard, please move.".
Ling Xiao and Bai Yuxi follow the old man to the backyard of the shop, and then come to a house. After entering, dazzling weapons are displayed.
"It's all weapons above the first level and many weapons of the second level. You can have a look at them at will, young master, and you will be satisfied with them," the old man said.
Ling Xiao began to look at the swords, knives, guns, hooks These are good weapons. Look at the price marked on the code. The lowest price is more than 100 gold coins, and the most expensive is as high as 5000 gold coins. He could not help sighing that he was really a poor man.
[first 520 novels]
There are five categories: Xuan, spirit, saint and God. All soldiers generally refer to weapons of level 1 to level 2, xuanbing refers to weapons of level 3 to level 4, which are called spiritual weapons from level 5 to level 6, holy weapons from level 7 to level 8, and divine weapons from level 9 to level 10.
Every soldier can be seen everywhere on the mainland, and xuanbing is extremely precious. It's even more rare to see xuanbing in the remote and poverty ridden place like meteorite city. Even if there is xuanbing, it can be the treasure of the shock families of all families. To the spirit weapons, it will exist in those powerful clans. And the holy and divine weapons are nothing.
"Xuanbing This... We don't have any. We need to know that Mr. Li has only made three cups of xuanbing soldiers in his life. Two of them were obtained by Ling and Li families. The other one was preserved by Mr. Li as the most satisfactory one. It's very precious. I don't think you can count on it, young master. "The old man said politely.
"In that case, I'll pick one out at will. It's just for cutting firewood anyway," Ling said casually.
This shocked the honest old man: "which young master is the son of? He wants to buy a xuanbing to cut firewood, even if the chiefs hear it, they will spit blood.".
Ling Xiao went to the shop outside and picked out the first level intermediate dragon sword.
"Yuxi, you pay for me first, and I will return it to you soon." Ling smiled at Baiyu in a low voice.
Before, Ling Xiao asked Li Guangyin for five hundred gold coins, all of which were used by Bai Yu to bury his mother. Bai Yu
Bai Yuxi didn't think there was anything wrong with it. In her mind, she thought that the money was originally from the young master. Now the young master wants money, which is normal.
Bai Yuxi pays, Ling Xiao takes the huge sword, and the old man gives Ling Xiao a scabbard, which is one for one.
"Yuxi, thank you just now. The young master will be able to return the money to you soon." Lingxiao stressed again. He's never used to borrowing money from women. This is the first time. It's really embarrassing.
"No, you don't have to thank me. It's right," Bai Yuxi waved repeatedly. She has been used to Ling Xiao's politeness. She thinks that her young master is more polite than all the others, and much better than those other smelly men. Those people just want to possess her, but the young master can't, and the young master has saved her, so she follows Ling Xiao wholeheartedly.
"No, I'll pay you back if I say so. Go. I still owe you a gift. Now I'll buy it for you." Ling Xiao shaved Bai Yuxi's nose and took the lead.
Bai Yuxi looks at Ling Xiaoxiao's back, reaches out his hand to touch his nose, secretly smiles, and soon catches up with him.
After Xi finished, there were 495 gold coins left. She was going to give them to Ling Xiao, but how could Ling Xiao ask for her money? So she refused.
Ling Xiao came to the tailor's shop and ordered three sets of clothes for Bai Yuxi and his mother
Now in order to buy a weapon, I have to borrow it from Bai Yuxi, which makes Ling Xiaoji very embarrassed.
Two sets were also ordered for him and his father. The ordered quality only cost five gold coins, and it only needs to wait two hours to take them back. The efficiency is very high.
Weixiangju is the most famous restaurant in the meteorite city. It is not only the largest restaurant in the city, but also the most expensive one for consumption. It is the symbol of identity that can enter and exit here.
Ling Xiao walks in with Bai Yuxi.
Ling Xiao pays the deposit and takes Bai Yuxi to the restaurant to have a big meal. It's not the same to eat at home all day long. It's also good to eat out occasionally.
Their appearance immediately attracted many people's attention.
"Eh, isn't that Ling's" useless talent "? "He actually appears here," said a young master of a small family to a close friend.
That friend is also a young master of a small family. He made a quiet move and said, "keep it down, don't let him hear you.".
"Afraid of anything, he is only one of the Ling family's" useless talents ". Even if they offend him, the Ling family will not come out for him," said the young master who spoke earlier.
His friend lowered his voice and said, "don't you know that half a month ago, Master Li Guangyin of the Li family was hit by Ling Xiao?".
"What, although Li is the last of the three evils, his strength is not weak. Can this" waste talent "be used to rebuild Xuanli again?".
"I'm afraid so. That day, many people saw Ling smile and Li Guangyin
A group of people beat it up.
Ling Xiao ignores the diners with strange eyes, takes Bai Yuxi to the second floor, and then finds a side seat to sit down.
Bai Yuxi is the first time to come to such a high-end place, with a timid sense of pulling Ling Xiao's Cape all the way up.
"Relax, everyone is human, they can't eat you, but the consumption here is higher, there's nothing remarkable," Ling smiled at Bai Yuxi and comforted him.
Bai Yuxi looks at Lingxiao's encouraging eyes and nods his head, which slowly relaxes his mind.
Ling Xiao ordered the waiter to serve three small dishes and a pot of wine. Such simple things cost Ling Xiao five gold coins, which is equivalent to a year's expenditure of the common people. However, Ling Xiao doesn't have any pain. Anyway, he can make a lot of money soon. These gold coins are really nothing.
Ling Xiaocai took two sips of wine and a small dish. There was a commotion downstairs.
Soon, a sound of footsteps came from the stairs.
There were only three people coming up, two men and one woman.
The most attractive one is the girl walking in the middle. She is not about 17 years old. Her gorgeous face is no less than Bai Yuxi's, but she is a little less attractive, but a little more arrogant. Her red dress is particularly dazzling. Her collar is decorated with Phnom Penh, which looks very gorgeous and noble. Her delicate hands are as white as green
With a purple whip, lotus is born step by step, moving in appearance.
A man on the right side of the girl is very tall and strong, giving a strong and unshakable feeling. He bares his arms and shows two thick arms. The blue tendons are like ferocious boa constrictors. It's very frightening. He holds a mace in his hand, and a huge spike makes life cold.
Ling Xiao first saw the girl, but he had a sense of deja vu. However, his impression was not very deep, so he just kept drinking after glancing at her.
On the left side of the girl is a man who is similar to Li Guangyin by three points. He is not very outstanding, but his elegant clothes set off him very noble and intimidating. His eyes are like poisonous snakes, which make people dare not look straight at him. He holds a thin sword, which is shining with crystal light. It is obviously an extraordinary sword.
The girl looked around and seemed to be looking for a place. Suddenly she looked to Lingxiao's side, and pointed to Lingxiao's side and said to the waiter, "I want this position, let them leave.".
The waiter immediately bowed and said, "it's Miss Luo. I'll let them go.".
The waiter came to Ling Xiao and said, "I'm sorry, can you move to another table? Your position has been reserved by Miss Luo.".
Ling smiled and said, "why should we leave? Is that how you treat your guests?".
"You can see clearly, young master. She is the miss of Luo family. You provoke her
In the meteorite City, who doesn't give face to the three aristocratic families? At present, this young girl is Luo Qingshuang, the granddaughter of the leader of the Luo family. She is very favored by the old man. She is already a middle-level metaphysical person when she is young. Such talents are rare in the meteorite city.
"No good fruit for her," explained the waiter.
"What's wrong with the Luo family? I'm still from the Ling family. Go away quickly and don't hinder me from eating less." Ling Xiaoli just ignored these. He would never agree with such unreasonable and shameful demands.
"You..." What else did the waiter want to say, he was interrupted.
"Isn't lingjialing laughing less? I can't imagine that all three of our family members are here today. Why don't they join us? "Said the man similar to Li Guangyin. He is Li Guanghan, Li Guangyin's eldest brother.
"Who are you? Don't get involved here. I don't know you. Don't quarrel here and drink less. There are lots of places here. I want to eat and sit at other tables," Ling said impatiently. It's annoying that there are flies quarreling about eating something.
As soon as Ling Xiaogang finished speaking, Li Guanghan's face turned black and he was ready to attack.
At this time, the girl in red asked, "are you Ling Xiao?".
"It's Ben Shao. How do you call her? She looks familiar." Ling Xiao took a sip of wine and said softly. Ling Xiao's previous life was a guy who didn't touch the leaves and flowers. When he saw a beautiful woman
I can't help but spend it.
Ling smiled at the girl and said, "it seems that we don't have any holidays. Can we look at me in black?".
"I have a festival with you." the woman said a little. The purple whip in her hand shook, and she immediately attacked Ling with a smile like a snake.
"Fuck, you girl is going to be murdered." Ling laughed and shouted. She bounced up from her seat.
"Pa" time Ling Xiao's original sitting position was torn apart by purple whip.
"Young master" side of the white rain Xi worried to cry up.
Ling Xiao fell on the table and said to the girl, "Hey, you're sick. Even if I don't let a place for you, I don't need to shout, shout and kill. I really have no quality.".
"Mouth cheap" that young girl scolded a, purple whip sweeps toward Ling smile waist again, speed is faster than just a few minutes.
However, the girl was only looking for Ling Xiao's misfortune, completely forgetting that there was someone nearby.
But Ling Xiao did not forget that if he dodged the whip, it would surely fall on Bai Yuxi. If he did not dodge, it would not be easy to parry.
[first 520 novels]
"Hum, we met when we saw each other," said the young girl coldly.
Chapter 021 first off test (I)
Lingzhan broke through the sixth channel, and the whole family was very happy. [first 520 novels]
After dinner, Ling Zhan calls Ling Xiao to his study.
Mengxiyun specially ordered his servants to make a rich meal to celebrate, hoping that lingzhan would become a xuanzhe as soon as possible.
"Thank you, son!" Lingzhan patted Lingxiao's shoulder and said gratefully.
Ling Xiao waved and said, "Dad, you are my dad. Without you, you will not have me. Do you need to say thanks? One family speaks two words, see you outside.
Ling Zhan looked at his son with relief and sighed, "I thought this life would be a chaotic one. I never thought that I could cultivate Xuanli again. For a martial artist, it would give me a second life. As long as I could cultivate the original peak again, I would not ask for it." he paused and stared at Ling and said, "smile, you and me Father is different. Since the immortal can choose you to be his apprentice, it proves that the immortal can't be wrong in his vision. Your future will be farther than that of father, billing family and anyone in meteorite City, so you must have better life cultivation and never fail to live up to the expectations of the immortal! ".
Ling Xiao listened to his father's serious explanation, didn't contradict, and obediently nodded, "don't worry, Dad, I will try my best to cultivate, live up to my father, live up to the expectations of the immortal
"That's good. By the way, three days later, it's family test. You need to perform well and let those who look down on our father and son shut up." lingzhan ordered.
"
"Yes, Dad!" Ling smiled and nodded.
Three days, in a flash.
The annual test of Lingjia was held today.
In the early morning, more than 100 teenagers aged 12 to 20 were already standing in the large martial arts field.
These teenagers are the 18th generation of the Ling family. They have both lineage and collateral lineage. As long as they can pass the test, they will all be the pillars of the Ling family in the future. Both lineage and collateral lineage will receive the same treatment, or they will stay in the inner court, or they will be sent out. It will be known today.
At the moment, everyone in the martial arts practice field is divided into three parts: one is the support group headed by the patriarch's di Sun Lingli, one is the support group headed by the second elder's di Sun lingkuang, the third is the collateral children, led by the most powerful Ling Hu. In these three parts, Ling Kuang's support group has the largest number, accounting for almost half of the total, followed by the fierce support group, and Ling Hu's last number is the least.
In the mainland where strength is spoken of, all aristocratic families advocate force, including the Ling family.
Now, lingkuang is the most outstanding martial artist under the age of 20 in the 18th generation. At the age of 19, he has become a low-level Xuanshi, so he has won the support of others. He is not weak in his stride. Now, at the age of 18, he has the strength of a high-level Xuanshi
Hope to break through the low-level Xuanshi before the age of 19, ranking the third in last year's test, as well as the patriarch's grandchildren, many supporters; as for Linghu, the 19-year-old, the middle-level Xuanshi's strength, although only ranked fifth in the 18th generation, but he is the most outstanding one in the collateral, all the collateral children take him as an example.
"Do you think today's test will be the first for brother Ling Kuang? He has won the first prize for two years in a row. It's adorable! ".
"It's certainly needless to say that brother Ling Kuang is a low-level Xuanshi. He is the strongest one in our generation. Who else is not the first one?".
"Yes, although the fierce strength is also very strong, it's a pity that it hasn't broken through the xuanshijie level, and it's still destined to be the defeated general of brother Ling Kuang.".
Each of the three groups got together to talk and communicate with each other constantly. Everyone was surprised or nervous. The surprise was the arrival of the annual test. The nervous thing was that they worried about their failure to pass the test.
"Although being fierce may not defeat brother Ling Kuang, is there someone who can definitely threaten brother Ling Kuang now?".
"Fart, who can have this strength? Xuanshijie can release Xuanli and cultivate the skills that belong to its own attribute. It has infinite power. It is quite different from xuanshijie, unless that person is also xuanshijie.".
"Haven't you heard that someone in the family has broken through xuanshijie recently?".
"Is it go
Ling bin, the second-largest in the year.
There was a lot of discussion and the atmosphere was very noisy.
Lingxiao and Shanshan are late. She casually finds a place where no one cares and sits down on the ground. In his impression, there is no guy with deep friendship in the 18th generation, and he is also lazy to hook up, just hope that the test can be carried out quickly.
After a while, the elders and the deacons finally came out of the cabinet.
"Yes, she is.".
Lingcang, the patriarch of the clan, went to the high platform in the middle of the training ground and lost his hands behind him. He said in a dignified voice, "today is the annual test of our Ling family again. Every year today is the time to witness your strength improvement. The survival of the fittest is the law of natural survival, so I will not say the rules if I stay or master them in your hands. Just like before, I will announce them now Cloth is the top five children of Ling family who will be able to take part in the competition of all families in meteorite city at the end of this year.
Lingcanggang said that, there was an uproar under the stage!
There are more than ten families of different sizes in meteorite city. Every three years, there will be a competition of the young generation to prove the future potential of each family. At the same time, each family will give rich rewards to the children who can achieve good results. They can not only win honor for the family, but also win the competition rewards. These rewards are all for the cultivation of mysterious skills, miraculous drugs or top-level Weapons...
The requirements of the competition are the younger generation under the age of 25 and the over age
Ling Cang pressed his voice and continued, "at the same time, the first five disciples will receive the elder's personal guidance and the same treatment as the deacons of the inner court, and the elder general will choose one of the five successor disciples.".
It has nothing to do with it.
"Wow..." Everyone screamed.
It's not for the guidance of the elders, nor for the equal treatment of the deacons in the inner court. What surprises them most is that "the elder General of Taishang will choose one of the five successor disciples".
Elder Taishang has the supreme position in the Ling family. His strength is the most unfathomable one of the Ling family. His prestige is still above the clan leader in the Ling family, and even more famous in the meteorite city. Ten years ago, a middle-level spiritual master from abroad dared to challenge Yan Wei of Ling's family. At that time, all the elders of Ling's family were not rivals of that spiritual master. At last, they were beaten into meat sauce by the supreme elder. Since then, no one dared to challenge Yan Wei of Ling's family. The two families, Li and Luo, who are equally famous with Ling's family, were afraid of Ling's great elder. As long as the elder of the Ling family is in one day, the position of the Ling family will not be threatened.
It can be imagined how glorious and surprising it is to be the successor of the elder. Not only in the Ling family from now on, but also the elder Taishang teaches the cultivation method. It's impossible to be strong if you want to stay the same! No matter the seventeen generations of Ling family or the younger generation now, they are very respectful to the elder. Everyone is eager to become the successor disciple of the elder, but the former has already
Ling Cang then casually said a few words of encouragement to announce the start of the test.
There is no such opportunity, the latter will be crazy for the only quota!
The first is the force value test.
This test is very simple, mainly using test crystal to test the force value of everyone. As long as the tester uses all his power to hit the crystal, the crystal will give back the color value, which is determined by the color value.
This pass is executed by Ling Fu, the nine elder!
Lingfu is about 60 years old. He looks thin and ordinary. But don't treat him as an old man who has no power to bear the chicken. Otherwise, you will be overwhelmed.
Lingfu stood on the high platform, holding the list in his hand, and said, "Eighteen generations of descendants, Lingyan came to power.".
Voice just down, a 15-year-old, tiger Headed Boy, separated from the crowd, drink a light, with a very beautiful posture jumped on the platform.
Lingyan gives a salute to lingfu, then drinks a loud voice, gathers all his strength in his right fist and smashes heavily on the test crystal.
"Boom".
Lingyan closes his fist and tests that on the crystal, it turns from white to light gray, then the gray becomes light and thick, and stops when it reaches a certain level.
Elder Ling Fu nodded and said in a loud voice, "well, yes, level 8 Martial apprentice, one level higher than last year. You can continue to practice in the inner court and strive to break through the xuanzhe level as soon as possible
"!
Ling Fu's voice rang again, "18 generations of descendants, Ling Yan, please come to the stage.".
Lingyan is younger than Lingyan, only 13 years old. He looks weak. He is the son of the collateral system. I saw him go to the stage with a little timid appearance and hit the test crystal directly.
Lingyan gets lingfu's praise, looks happy, bows to lingfu's elder, and then leaves the platform.
The test crystal also changes from white to light gray, and then starts to thicken, only to the extent that it does not reach the depth of Lingyan.
Ling Fu announced that "Ling Yan, the fourth level martial apprentice, can continue to practice in the inner court, the next Ling Shui".
Lingshui, a six level martial apprentice, can continue to practice in the inner court.
"Ling Wen, a three-level martial apprentice, has not been promoted for two consecutive years. He has been sent out of the inner court to wait for arrangement.".
One by one, most of the Ling family's children were excited because they passed the test, while the few who did not pass the test were dejected and shrugged very sad.
...
"Eighteen generations of descendants, Lingtian please come to the stage.".
Elder Ling Fu's voice fell and there was a lot of noise under the stage.
Then, a young man in white, who is no more than 16 years old, with a thin sword on his back, made a slight shout, and rotated around in the air. He fell on the stage with a very elegant action. He saw the young man's sword eyebrows and stares. They were very talented, but they were always high
High on the top, the arrogant look is rather unpleasant.
"Lingtian was a low-level xuanzhe last year. I don't know if he broke through to become a middle-level xuanzhe this year!".
"It's not easy to break through a small rank in one year, I don't think it's possible.".
"It's not impossible. Brother Ling Kuang became a middle-level xuanzhe in sixteen years. Lingtian's appearance is no worse than that of brother Ling Kuang. He must have broken through to become a middle-level xuanzhe in his present appearance.".
...
Lingtian ignores the discussion under the stage, turns his mouth slightly, and blows one hand lightly on the test crystal.
Ling Tian, the grandson of Ling Wei, the fourth elder, has an extraordinary appearance. As early as last year, at the age of 15, he broke through the ranks of martial apprentices and became a low-level mystic.
"Boom".
The test crystal changes from white to gray, and finally from gray to light yellow, and finally stops quietly when it reaches a certain degree.
Lingfu's face showed appreciation and nodded to Lingtian. "It's very good to break through a small level in one year. Those who are in the middle of Lingtian can continue to practice in the inner court.".
"Wow" when Ling Fu announced the results of Ling Tian, most people on the stage were shocked, obviously surprised by Ling Tian's strength.
Lingtian seems to be very satisfied with the reaction from the stage, but when he sweeps to a corner, his face is stiff, and a trace of dissatisfaction is ignored
The color just came down the stage.
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 022 first off test (2)
Next, several of the people who came up were between the sixth and ninth level martial artists. No one was left out of the inner court.
At this time, more than 100 Lingjia children have tested one third of the population. Only Lingtian and two other Lingjia children have reached the xuanzhe level. It can be seen that in addition to their own efforts, the young generation's talent is also very important to break through to the xuanzhe level.
After Lingtian went down, the atmosphere at the scene gradually rose. [first 520 novels]
"Eighteen generations of descendants, lingzhi came to the stage" just down a son of Ling family, Ling Fu's voice rang again.
Lingzhi came up with his arrogant head, but he didn't salute the nine elders. He raised his fist and hit the test crystal.
Lingfu didn't care. He took a look at the color value of the crystal and read aloud, "Lingzhi, a low-level Xuanshi, is better than last year's Ninth level martial apprentice. He can continue to stay in the inner court after breaking one level.".
"Hum" Lingzhi turns around and is about to step down.
"Eighteen generations of descendants, Ling Xiao came to the stage," Ling Fu continued.
Lingfu just finished shouting. There was a silence under the stage, and then it became as lively as a frying pan.
"It's a miracle that Ling Xiao can come back to test again, but I don't know what he's doing now?".
"
I think he has reached the highest level at least. On that day, I saw with my own eyes that Lingzhi was not his one in one.
"Salt fish can turn over, too. At the beginning, the elder said that he could not cultivate Xuanli any more. He was really lucky to die.".
"Who knows when he will become a waste again.".
The young generation of Ling's family kept talking to Ling with laughter.
Lingxiao owes his body and walks to the platform from the stairs. He doesn't choose to pull the wind like Lingtian. Because there are all kids here and there are no beauties, he doesn't want to waste his energy.
When passing by Lingzhi, lingzhi didn't hide the cruel in his eyes. He narrowed his eyes and smiled at Ling. "Last time I was just careless, you'd better pray not to meet me, otherwise You're dead.
Ling Xiao glanced at him, but he didn't know what he was saying to himself, "it's such a beautiful, cloudless day that I actually hear the barking of dogs. It's really a terrible sight.". After that, Shi ran stepped onto the platform.
Lingzhi clenched his fist and looked back at Lingxiao's background. "How long can you be arrogant?" he said.
Ling Xiao went to the high platform and bowed to Ling Fu with great insight and said "good nine elders".
Lingfu smiled and nodded, "let's start!".
Ling Xiaoqing should be a, came to the test crystal, casually waved a fist.
White ash on the test crystal,
Finally, it changes from gray to light yellow.
Ling Fu took a look, and his eyes were slightly confused to announce that "Ling Xiao, a low-level Xuan, can stay in the inner courtyard.".
"Will he hide his strength?".
"Low... Low level xuanzhe? How can it be? I heard that he defeated the two high-level escorts of the five elders. It should be the low-level Xuanshi! ".
"It's possible.".
...
Back to Lingzhi, I was stunned to hear lingfu's announcement. Then I said to myself, "I won't lose even if I have the same rank.".
Lingtian, on the other hand, holds his hands on his chest and disdains to say, "I used to take you as an idol, but it turned out to be a low-level waste talent.".
On the side of his children, Ling Hu stared at Ling Xiao on the stage and murmured, "it's worthy of being a genius once. It's really powerful that the meridians are abolished and rise again!".
In the place with the most children of Ling family, a 19-year-old youth standing in the front said with a sneer, "hum, the name of Ling family genius belongs to me only.".
With Ling laughing, the test is still going on.
The first test ended in nearly two hours. More than 100 Ling family children, a few dozen children were sent out of the inner courtyard, and the rest were left behind.
In the first test, in addition to the exclamation caused by Lingtian and Lingxiao, there are several Lingjia children
Although all of the above are excellent, they are most concerned and most amazing is Ling Lin who has broken through to xuanshijie.
From last year's Ninth level martial apprentice to the low-level Xuanshi, which attracted everyone's attention, and Linghu, represented by his collateral children, has made a breakthrough from last year's middle-level Xuanshi strength to the high-level Xuanshi. Even the boss on the stage has paid admiration to Linghu. With Linghu's talent, Linghu is expected to break through Xuanshi, and Lingjia will add another strong general in the future.
The first pass is over, and the second one follows.
Ling Lin is the granddaughter of Ling Wei, the fourth elder. She is a brother-in-law with Ling Tian. Her talent is also outstanding. Just 20 years ago, she quietly broke through the Xuanshi level and became the second person under the age of 20 in the 18th generation.
Although testing the crystal stone can measure an individual's martial arts level, if it is not completed, it means that the lower level martial arts are inferior to the higher level martial arts. Occasionally, there will be a precedent that the lower level martial arts defeat the higher level martial arts. This is an individual's combat talent problem.
The second level is the competition test, in order to determine the ranking.
In the second level, we should start from the lowest level of martial arts, and first we should fight with the same level of elimination. For example, five level martial arts fight with five level martial arts, six level martial arts fight with six level martial arts. We should decide the ranking in the same level, and then challenge any one of the higher level from the highest ranking. We may choose to give up, keep the ranking, and so on, and finally decide the ranking.
Because of the large number of people, there are four contests in the practice field, with four deacons as judges,
First determine the rank of martial apprentice, and the fifteen Lings who have already broken through the xuanzhe level will stay in the arena where they practice martial arts together.
The four contests were all surrounded by a small circle of people, who supported their brothers and sisters.
Those who take part in the second level competition must have the strength of at least five level martial arts.
The first round of competition is not interesting. The fifth level martial artists have no fancy and amazing actions against the fifth level martial artists, only reaction speed and fierce confrontation.
Until the seventh level martial apprentice or above, the atmosphere at the scene was rising. Because many Lings had already used grey level skills, the scene became fierce and beautiful.
Some family deacons also pay attention to these good young children. For example, if they find children with amazing fighting talent, they will get better attention and training in the next year.
For this kind of children's masters, a dozen people who have reached the xuanzhe stage are not interested in going to see the Wutu stage competition again, because they all have the pride and dignity of the xuanzhe stage.
However, there is only one exception.
Ling Xiao is like a child who hasn't seen the world. He takes turns to walk around the four big martial arts contests to see the competition in the arena. Occasionally, he sinks into thinking, and then he shows a sudden understanding, as if he has some understanding.
Not far away, lingzhi stares at Lingxiao's back. His fists are tightly clenched. He wants to tear Ling alive
Smile.
After some competition, the strongest martial apprentice level has been determined. No one expected that it would be a woman who won it. She is Ling Xue, the granddaughter of Ling Yuan, the third elder. She is just 15 years old. With the strength of the Ninth level martial apprentice, she can defeat three Ling family children of the same level with the grey level skill of "flower scattering hand". The total ranking rises to 16. She will be qualified to participate in the contest of xuanzhe level or play it Discard.
The competition of wutujie is just finished, and then the competition of xuanzhe is about to start.
Lingxue finally chose to give up participating in the contest of xuanzhe stage. No one laughed or ridiculed her. Everyone thought it was a wise choice, but there was an insurmountable gap between Wutu stage and xuanzhe stage.
The competition of xuanzhe level is not the same as the competition of martial arts and apprentices. Instead, they choose the method of drawing lots. No matter who is the opponent, they have to face or give up. Of course, Ling Kuang and Ling Lin, who have reached the xuanshijie level, do not participate in the xuanshijie level competition. They have been set as the first two places, the first five places, and only three places remain. They will be determined in the remaining 13 xuanshijie levels.
Because Ling Xue didn't participate in the contest of xuanzhe level, there was an odd number of thirteen xuanzhe. If we draw lots, there will be a round, and the one in the round will be lucky and can enter the next round directly.
A deacon of Ling's family comes up with a box for drawing lots, and thirteen mysterious people come up one by one to draw lots
Lingtian is also paying attention to Lingxiao, but the disdain in her eyes is stronger.
Sign.
The first one is Ling Tian. After he drew out his signature, he gave it directly to the Deacon without even looking at it. It's as if he can beat anyone he meets. He looks very confident.
Then, there are Ling's children to draw lots.
When Ling Xiao was about to draw lots, there was a man beside him.
A young man in a blue military uniform is not a handsome young man, but he has a very big body and is very patient. He exudes a momentum that can't be ignored by others. A golden long gun at the back is very dazzling, which makes him know that it's not an ordinary thing.
This man is Lingxiao's cousin, who is sharp and powerful.
In Lingxiao's memory, his eldest brother only knows about asceticism, which is the silent and cold type of man. According to Lingxiao's previous life, he likes to pretend to be a type B man.
"Eldest brother" Ling said with a smile. In his memory, he and this eldest brother do not have any bad relationship, and the friendship is not deep, but this gift can not be abandoned, and it must be his cousin.
Sharp light nodded, and then said "together to draw lots.".
Ling smiled and looked at him in disbelief, then nodded and said "OK".
Ling Li and Ling Xiao went up to draw lots together and attracted the attention of the public.
"Look, the cultivation maniacs and the disabled have come together.".
"Go to Ni Ma's, if Ling Xiao is useless, we all hit the wall, man
Home is a mystery now.
"Wrong... It's just a slip of the tongue. The cultivation maniac, whose eyes are higher than the top, will come together with Ling Xiao. Does that imply anything.
"It's normal that people are brothers. Besides, Lingxiao can practice again now. Who knows if he will be promoted to Xuanshi again. Of course, he has to make a good relationship.".
...
Ling Li and Ling Xiao draw lots at the same time. Ling Li draws No. 5, and Ling Xiao becomes the lucky one among the thirteen people. He draws No. 7, the first empty round, and goes directly to Shanxi.
"Lingxing?" Ling smiled and puzzled for a moment, then seemed to think of something, and showed a indifferent smile.
Lingli looks at Lingxiao and says, "good luck, pay attention to Lingxing". After that, Lingli and Lingxiao are separated.
Some of the Ling family's children, who had just been promoted to xuanzhe, were envious and envious of Ling Xiao's luck. Others secretly paid for this guy's bad luck. The only one was caught by him.
At the end of the draw, the first one is Ling Hu from No. 1 to Ling Guang from No. 13.
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 023 military test
Lingguang, a 20-year-old, is a newcomer to the middle-level Xuan. He cultivates the grey level Xuan skill and heavy Dao Jue. Last year, he ranked 10th with the strength of the low-level Xuan. Now he breaks through again. He thought that he could rise at least two places. Unexpectedly, Linghu, who broke through the high-level Xuan, met Linghu in the beginning. He secretly called for bad luck.
At the edge of the challenge arena, clan leaders and elders all sat by the arena to watch the strongest competition of the young generation.
After Ling Fujian, the nine elder, said some rules of the contest, he announced that the contest began.
Lingguang arches his hand to Linghu and says, "please be merciful.".
Linghu customer airway "please!".
Linghu's words just fell, and Lingguang's foot kicked, and the whole man darted out in vain. His movements were extremely fast, just like the cheetah's predation, which made people defenseless.
Linghu, 19 years old, is a newcomer to the high-level Xuan. He practices the grey level Xuan skill and the fierce tiger formula. He is good at boxing and has extraordinary power. Last year, he ranked fifth in the competition. His strength is obvious. [first 520 novels]
When he came to Linghu, he put his hand behind his back and cut the heavy knife.
Lingguang is the lineage of the Ling family, and his identity is not low. What he uses is a first-order medium level broadsword. The broadsword follows him like a shadow and cuts towards Linghu's forehead.
There was a scream from the audience. No one expected Lingguang to be surprised, preemptive and quick. It was amazing.
However, Linghu is one step higher than Lingguang, and he has rich experience in approaching the enemy. He raised his hands to welcome him in a leisurely manner.
The heavy sabre, which is split at the head, gives out a cold breath. If you change it into a mysterious one of the same level, you will be shocked.
The Ling family's children who have never seen Ling fight cry out one after another.
"He's not going to die. He dares to take Lingguang's heavy knife with his empty hand.".
"Maybe he thinks too much of himself. He thinks that he can easily win the victory if he is a little higher. It seems that his hands will be wasted.".
"What do you know? Don't you see what Ling Hu has on his hands? What an ignorant idiot.
...
Linghu is not a brain wreck. If he doesn't have the confidence to take this knife, he will never dare to take Lingguang with his hands. Because his hands are covered with his unique weapon, the first-order high-level gold gloves, which are made of the animal skin of the second-order mountain piercing beast. The low-level weapons can't be damaged. Therefore, Linghu dares to use both hands to take the knife.
However, Lingguang seems to have expected that he is about to cut a knife into Linghu's face, and suddenly changes his direction and erases it towards Linghu's neck.
The change was unexpected, which surprised everyone on the stage. In the audience, all the elders cast their appreciation. It seems that they are very satisfied with Ling Guang's change.
Linghu eyebrows a pick, a big drink "come well", and then left hand backhand a block.
"Ding" weapons are interlaced.
Lingguang sees a knife fails, drinks loudly, "heavy knife has no shadow".
With the full force of the heavy knife, Linghu stepped back a little, and his left hand was not damaged at all. It can be seen that his golden gloves are indeed extraordinary.
Strong move, countless sword shadow toward Ling Hu's body cover, sword move not to, but has raised a painful blade of life.
This is Lingguang's most powerful move at present. He is not a little behind Linghu, so he went all out in the first place to defeat Linghu unexpectedly before Linghu did not move.
There was another scream from Lingjia's children on the sidelines. They were all martial apprentices. They could see the competition of xuanzhe level, which benefited them a lot, and at the same time let them further understand the opportunity of advanced level.
Ling Xiao looks at Ling Guang's sword move and murmurs, "this move seems to be powerful, but it's just a fake move. If it's used with a sword, it's almost the same. The heavy sword should be clumsy without a front and break through the Wanjun with strength. This move really loses its true meaning.".
On the stage, Linghu also fought back with fierce moves. As soon as his momentum rose, he only saw a loud roar in his mouth, like a roaring tiger in the forest, which made people want to cry. At the same time, his fists were made into the shadow of the sky.
Standing aside, he gave Lingxiao a look and then turned to the stage.
"Huxiao mountain forest".
"Ding Ding".
The shadow of the sword and the shadow of the fist are interlaced and sent out for a while
Array noise.
"Boom".
Lingguang suddenly flew out of the challenge arena like a broken kite.
Lingguang tries his best, but when he's exhausted, Linghu is just coming, shouting "defeat me!" One punch opened Ling Guang's heavy knife, and the other hit his belly.
"Poof" Lingguang falls out of the stage and a mouthful of blood pours out.
Then two guards of Ling's family carried Ling Guang down.
Elder Ling Fu on the stage then announced "linghusheng!".
"Wow! Brother Linghu is really fierce.
"Not really. One day I will be like brother Linghu, too fierce.".
"Brother Linghu has always been my idol. I will not only be as strong as him, but also surpass him.".
...
The children who supported Linghu all cheered for Linghu.
Then came the competition between two other Lingjia kids, both of whom are the strength of low-level xuanren. This competition can be called a close match. After a fierce competition, the two finally lost each other. One of them stood up as the winner, but no matter who won or who lost, they could not participate in the next round of competition.
In this contest, the Ling family's children watched with enthusiasm, and their eyes were filled with a desire to break through the xuanzhe stage as soon as possible.
The third competition started, and elder Ling Fu announced that "Ling Zhi
When I called them, I threw up a cheering under the stage. I dare to say that they are very popular among the young generation of Ling family.
Ling Xiao's sharp side said "pay attention to Ling Xing" lightly again.
Ling smiled and nodded knowingly, then looked at Ling Xing.
I saw a young man who was about 20 years old, wearing a blue martial suit and was similar to Ling Rui by three points. A blue sword was tied behind his back, and a wild long hair fell at will, which seemed to have some dust like taste. This is the strength of Ling Xing, Ling Rui's elder brother, a high-level mysterious man. Last year, he only lost the fierce move, ranking fourth, and is the best of the 18 generations.
On the stage, Ling Mo, the second elder, said to the five elders beside him, "old five, Ling Xing is expected to break through xuanshijie in half a year!".
Ling Yanlu, the five elders, said with satisfaction, "a few little guys are fighting for the spirit of Lingxing, but they are far behind kuang'er. So far, zhier is no worse than him. Now he is only 15 years old, he has broken through the low-level Xuaner, which is no worse than kuang'er's talent!".
He came to the stage in front of Lingxing.
Ling Mo smiled imperceptibly, then changed the topic and said, "after you go back, you should supervise Ling Xing well, let him break through as soon as possible, and he will definitely become a Xuanshi within three months.".
In the arena, elder Ling Fu announced the start of the competition.
Ling Yan looks at Ling Mo vaguely, then nods in silence.
Lingzhi arches at Lingxing and says "Xing"
Brother, you should be merciful! ".
Ling Xing said with a smile, "I don't need weapons. You can survive ten moves to win.".
Ling Zhi is the grandson of Ling Mo, the second elder, and Ling Xing is the grandson of Ling Yan, the fifth elder. Both of them are from their own families and have close and friendly private relations.
Lingzhi's hand shook with a first-order high-level long gun and shouted, "then I'm not polite. Look at the gun.".
The spear went out like a snake, and it was at Lingxing's throat in an instant. It was too fast to grasp.
Lingxing is not afraid at all. He calmly takes a backward action. His throat can avoid Lingzhi's long gun. At the same time, lingzhi's long gun hasn't been recovered yet. Lingxing kicks up, infuses 50% Xuanli, and directly kicks Lingzhi's long gun away.
Lingzhi didn't give up the long gun. The whole man left in the air. He grabbed the gun again and smashed it towards Lingxing.
The long gun is as powerful as a rainbow, bringing out a gray gun shadow in mid air.
"Come to be good" Lingxing's back is straight, his eyes are burning, he praises and drinks. The whole person, like the phantom, dodges Lingzhi's full blow, turns his palm into claw at the same time, grabs Lingzhi's long gun with one hand, and sweeps his side foot to Lingzhi's shoulder.
The action of continuous flipping is very fast, which dazzles the children of Ling family.
"Pa" Lingzhi got a foot, the long gun was taken, the whole person stepped back two steps, look a little pale.
Lingxing throws the long gun to lingzhi and says with a smile, "brother Zhidi, you lost!".
Lingzhi catches the long gun and points out, "it's not wrong to lose to brother Xing.".
Lingzhi is only a low-level mysterious person, while Lingxing is a high-level mysterious person. The strength gap between them is very large. Even if Lingxing does not use weapons, it is very easy to win Lingzhi.
Elder Ling Fu announces "Ling Xingsheng!".
Lingxing and Lingzhi step down together. Lingzhi whispers to Lingxing, "brother Xing, Lingxiao, that bastard will have a good lesson.".
Hearing Ling Xiao's words, Ling Xing's eyes flashed over Li Mang, and then youyou said, "hum, even if you become a xuanzhe, you are just a low-level xuanzhe. I will beat him back to his original shape by myself.".
Lingxing and their family have long been deeply resentful of Lingxiao's family, and recently they were angry at Lingxiao because their younger brother, Lingrui, was almost expelled from their family. Lingxing will not let Lingxiao go easily.
The next competition is fierce appearance. He is facing another Ling family's son. He only has the strength of the low-level Xuan people. There is no suspense about the victory and defeat. He is only kicked out of the field with a fierce move.
The next one is a contest between two middle-level Xuans. Linghua, ranked sixth last year, won the final victory after 100 moves.
The last competition in the first round of xuanzhe stage is LingHong, a middle-level xuanzhe, to the upper and lower level xuanzhe. It is worth mentioning that LingHong is the granddaughter of the six elders, 17 years old, and the only two women above xuanzhe stage.
On the stage, Lingtian held his hands to his chest and looked at LingHong with disdain. "You are not my opponent. I don't want to embarrass you. Give up.".
"It's actually a second-order low-level double moon sword." just after the sword came out, someone exclaimed.
"I didn't expect that elder six took such a fancy to LingHong, just became xuanzhe, and immediately matched this double moon sword for her. I really gave up my capital.".
"With the double moon sword in hand, LingHong's combat power will be upgraded at least. Lingtian's desire to win is not so easy.".
[first 520 novels]
LingHong was born to be the invincible master. Hearing Lingtian's contempt, she immediately said, "if you want to win me, please beat me down.". After that, with a shudder of her hands, she drew out two bright curved daggers, which were extremely dazzling in the sun.
Chapter 024 you are sick!
On the stage, Ling Wei, the four elders, said to Liu Chang, "Liu, I didn't expect you to love Xiao Hong so much, but you made her such a pair of swords.". [first 520 novels]
The six elders smiled and said, "that kid likes short swords. He practices very hard. It's not too much to reward her.".
In the Ling family's lineage, if there are young generation who break through the Xuans, they will get a first-order medium level or high-level weapon at most, which is a very common thing. For those who just entered the Xuans like Ling Hong, the six elders gave her a set of second-level low-level weapons, which is really rare.
The four elders said with a sly smile, "yes, we should be more generous with our children, and we should give them what we should.".
The six elders looked at the four elders' disapproving smile, then put their eyes on Ling Tian on the stage, and then noticed that Ling Tian carried the sword on his back. His heart and soul trembled, "don't you...".
In the challenge arena, Lingtian was not surprised by the double moon sword drawn by LingHong, but said thoughtfully, "do you think we can open the gap between us with weapons? You are so naive.
"Hum, I have to try before I know it." LingHong snorted coldly. She turned her hands over, and her swords were like crescent moon. She pushed them towards Lingtian.
"I'll let you know that I can't be worse than you even if I'm a weapon."
Lingtian snorted displeasantly, his body shook, and the thin sword behind him flew out like a flying dragon.
A red light shines on the challenge arena.
"It's actually a second-order low-level sword" was exclaimed again.
"It's Yanyang sword, which can emit fire energy. It's better than double moon sword!".
"It seems that LingHong will surely lose.".
...
Lingxiao looked at their weapons curiously. Unexpectedly, both of them used the second-order low-level swords. He saw the second-level swords in the weapon shop, which cost thousands of gold coins at least. Damn it, they picked them up casually. It seems that he would ask his patriarchal grandfather for one or two to play with.
One side of the fierce as if to find out Ling Xiao's mind, lightly said, "wait for you to become Xuanshi again, maybe Grandpa will give you your golden gun.".
The golden emperor's gun, a second-order medium-level weapon, was awarded by lingcang when Lingxiao broke through Xuanshi two years ago. Later, Lingxiao's meridians were exhausted and lingcang took it back.
Lingli smoked his face and didn't answer Lingxiao's words, because he only listened to Lingxiao's words.
It can be called xuanbing. Only weapons that reach the third level can be counted into xuanbing. In the meteorite City, xuanbing is few, but in Ling
Ling smiled and said, "when I become a Xuanshi, at least I will use xuanbing. What do I do with these garbage?".
There is only one xuanbing of Zhenzu in the family. It is said that it was obtained from Master Li, the only third-order master of weapon refining in meteorite city. Now Lingxiao is going to ask for the third-order xuanbing. Isn't that a fool's dream?
On the stage, LingHong didn't expect Lingtian to use the second-order sword as well. Last year, Lingtian still used the first-order high-order sword. Now, Lingtian is promoted to the middle-level xuanzhe. Like her, she gets the reward from the old man of her family and a second-order low-level sword. She used to rely on the superiority of the weapon, and the instant news is gone.
However, she was born to be an invincible master, unwilling to admit defeat at will, dancing a double moon sword to attack.
However, Lingtian is superior to LingHong in strength and experience, and LingHong will soon be forced to be left in the shade.
At this time, LingHong was forced to retreat to the edge of the challenge arena by Lingtian Yijian and almost fell out of the field.
Lingtian didn't attack any more, but he carried his arrogant head and said lightly, "do you want to go down or I want to blow you down?".
"Bastard" LingHong stamped his feet and gave a drink. His whole body gathered with mysterious force. His two swords were waved together to form a tangled sword light, which made people feel dizzy for a while. If he was a little careless, his head would be twisted off.
This is LingHong's most powerful way to kill, named "Jiyue".
The six elders on the stage stood up and shouted, "Xiao Hong is making a fool of himself. How can you use such a desperate move?". Six elders know that LingHong's move is very powerful. Ordinary middle-level Xuan people can use it
He can suffer losses, but now it's just a competition. There's no need to kill each other. Besides, Lingtian is the proud grandson of the four elders around him. In case LingHong hurts him, the Liang Zi will become big.
The four elders were not as excited as the six elders, but said firmly, "the competition depends on the real ability. If Xiaohong can really force Xiaotian to step down, it's only because he is not good at learning. You don't need to worry about the sixth elder.".
The six elders sighed and sat back to his original position, but he stood up again before he could sit still.
Because he saw LingHong fly out of the challenge arena and was blown away by Lingtian's sword.
On the stage, LingHong is enraged by Lingtian again and again. She kills herself. She wanted to teach Lingtian a lesson, but Lingtian is not the master of fish and meat. He also has a strong move.
See Ling Tian face her to kill, the smile that hangs on the face to ponder is stronger, immediately he jumped up in the air, shout "the sun shines high".
"Jingle".
Boom
LingHong's double moon sword and Lingtian's Yanyang sword collided fiercely. LingHong, who was weak in strength, was immediately shaken off the field. Fortunately, lingfu, the nine elder, waved his hand with an invisible Xuanqi, and immediately held LingHong up. It didn't make her fall too hard, but
Yan Yang Sword sends out strong murderous spirit, a red dazzling light is more vigorous, the long sword is like a rainbow, smashing towards Ling Hong's two swords, the red sword is just like a blooming sun flower.
She was still shocked into an internal injury, blood overflowed from the corner of the mouth, eyes are still full of thick unyielding eyes.
"I can't help myself" Ling Tianleng snorted and left.
Under the stage, there was a silence first, and then coax.
Ling Tian seemed to do a trivial thing. He threw the Yan Yang sword into the air and turned his body around. The Yan Yang Sword returned to its sheath accurately.
"Lingtianyong just now Is it Huang Jie sword technique.
"Huang Jie's sword skill can't be cultivated only in xuanshijie?".
"The theory says so, but xuanzhe level can also be cultivated. It's just that Xuanli has not been released to make its real power. Now Lingtian can only use one percent of the power of this move at most. If he reaches Xuanshi level and his own attributes are consistent with the attributes of sword skills, then this move can kill LingHong in a second.".
"This is so powerful! Then when I get to xuanzhe stage, I also choose huangjie Xuanji cultivation ".
"Hum, do you think it's so easy to practice? If you don't know your own attributes, you'd better not practice them. Otherwise, if you practice skills that are different from your own attributes, your own cultivation will be destroyed. Lingtian's family are all fire attributes, so his advanced Xuanshi level must be fire attributes in the future, so you dare to practice in advance! "
Ling Xiao closed her eyes and thought about Lingtian's move. After a while, she smiled knowingly and said to herself
"It's just a way of taking advantage of the situation. It's well used.".
With the end of Lingtian World War I, the first round of the martial test ended, and the second round of the draw began again.
In the first round, there was a contest in which Gu suffered both losses and injuries, and the winner had abstained, so there was no odd number in the second round. Ling Xiao had no chance to be lucky again. In the second round, he had to face one of them, no matter what.
The list to enter the second round is as follows: Ling Xiao, Ling Hu, Ling Xing, Ling Li, Ling Hua and Ling Tian. Among them, Ling Xiao has the lowest strength, only the low-level Xuan, and others are above the middle-level Xuan.
Six people went up to draw lots one by one. Ling Xiao got the second prize and even got the sixth prize. In other people's eyes, Lingtian might be lucky. If he didn't get the highest prize, he would not lose too badly.
Lingtian comes to Lingxiao and chuckles, "once a genius, I think you'd better give up as soon as possible, otherwise You will lose very badly.
Ling Xiao doesn't understand why Ling Tian shows hostility to him again and again, but since he provokes the door, he is not afraid of it. He doesn't care. "I hope your strength is as powerful as your mouth.".
Ling Tianleng hums, "it seems that you don't care as much as Ling Hong.".
Ling smiled at Ling Tian and swallowed a few words lightly: "you are sick!" After that, he turned around and went back to his original position.
Lingtian clenched his fists tightly. His face was ugly. He wanted to
To Ling Xiao's hand, but still repressed the impulse in his heart, murmured, "I dare to be arrogant even if I'm useless. You must know how to write the word" death ".
Lingtian and Lingxiao have no old grudge, but the talent shown by Lingxiao before is too amazing. Lingtian is one year younger than Lingxiao, and the talent is not weak, but all the light in front of Lingxiao is covered. At first, he worked hard to catch up with Lingxiao. Like all the children of Lingxiao family, he regarded Lingxiao as an idol and an example. Later, he found that he could not catch up with Lingxiao no matter how hard he tried. Gradually, the reason was Worship became jealousy. At last, Lingxiao suddenly turned into a waster. Lingtian couldn't help but rejoice.
Now Lingxiao is rising again, which causes Lingtian to have a crisis. He is afraid that his light will be covered again. He can't help hating Lingxiao, so he plans to severely repair Lingxiao in the contest. It's better to get rid of him completely, so that he can't turn over completely.
This is a world of the strong, but also a world of the weak and strong food. Everyone in the old generation wants to be the king of the high, and everyone in the young generation wants to be the most dazzling new star. In this cruel world, everyone is on the top of others, even brothers and sisters of the same race. The rule of survival here is to win over the enemy. Only by breaking through all obstacles can we become a noble and powerful person respected by thousands of people.
The next round of competition will witness the new generation of Lingjia. The first round will be the battle between Lingxing and Linghua.
Lingxing's first meeting with Lingzhi,
After nine elder Ling Fu announced the start, Ling Xing smiled at Ling Hua, who was pale and said, "as long as you can take me a move, how about this contest.
Lingxing chuckled, "Hey, then you'll take it.".
Ling Hua looks at Ling Xing doubtfully first, then firmly says "come on" with the long sword in his hand. He thought in his heart that he would lose all the way around anyway. Can't he resist his moves?
Smile, Ling Xing's foot kicks, the whole person is like a string arrow, the movement is very fast, he lost his hand behind, one hand has been put on the hilt behind, when he came to Ling Hua, who is waiting for him, he shouted "green track!".
If you think it's good-looking, you can collect and recommend it. '~ give a little impetus to purity ~ ~ thank you~~
Unlike Linghua, who didn't consume any Xuanli, his strength was well preserved, but Linghua was only the strength of the middle-level xuanzhe. He was a small rank lower than Lingxing, and in the first competition, he fought more than one hundred moves to win the competition. Although he didn't suffer heavy losses, Xuanli had already consumed most of it. In this competition, he compared with Lingxing Lingxing, who is more powerful, knows that he will never forget to win, but he has to lose with dignity. He insists on standing on the challenge arena.
[first 520 novels]
With a sword, the green light is great!
Chapter 025 surprise?
Linghua is gathering all Xuanli, holding the hilt with both hands, showing green veins on his wrists and gritting his teeth. When Lingxing's green sword is coming to his eyes, he shouts "come on!". [first 520 novels]
With the roar, Ling Hua's long sword faces Ling Xing's green light.
"Jingle".
Boom
"Ah"
When the swordsmen went off, one of them made a cry. One of them flew out of the challenge arena. Fortunately, Ling Fu, the nine elder, used his skillful force to make the flying man not fall so badly.
The man who fell out was Ling Hua who took Ling Xing's move. He saw that his first-order high-level sword had been split in two. The blood on his hands and tiger's mouth was flowing wildly. It would take at least three months to get better if he didn't take pill treatment.
Ling Hua was carried down, Ling Fu elder announced "Ling Xing wins.".
Just announced the result, under the stage Ling family's children all exclaimed.
"Lingxing is so powerful that he even blew Linghua away with one move.".
"I didn't see how he did it. Linghua flew out. If he wanted to fight for life and death, Linghua would be different.".
"I don't know lingxingli this year
The harm is still more fierce and stronger! ".
...
Ling Cang, the patriarch in the middle of the temple, frowned slightly, showing a trace of anxiety between his eyebrows.
On the stage, Ling Xing had already collected his sword, flicked his long hair of the bangs, and said with a faint sneer, "I can't help myself!" , and then he gave a glance in the direction of Lingxiao, which made him step down.
"Lingtian and Lingxiao please come to the stage." elder Ling Fu's voice rang again.
Lingtian is still like the previous one. He leaps from the stage to the stage gracefully. He looks very elegant and nimble. But Lingxiao comes up the stairs calmly. It's not that he doesn't want to be in the limelight, but that there are too few beauties under the stage. Besides, he is a member of the same ethnic group. He doesn't feel like wasting his expression.
"Lingxiao is not so lucky this time. He let a low-level xuanzhe go to the second round. It's just for him.".
"It's not surprising that anyone can get to this step if he or she has a great outburst of character.".
"Lingtian has learned Huang Jie's sword skill, and he likes to show off most. He will never let Lingxiao go as easily as he did last time.".
Under the stage, the children of Ling's family talked about the battle between Ling Tian and Ling Xiao.
The contest has finally begun!
"Come on, let me see
Looking at Ling Xing's defeat, Ling Yan, the five elders on the stage, beamed with joy. He was obviously very satisfied with Ling Xing's performance.
See how we Ling family genius figure is, I can let you three moves "Ling Tian very contemptuously with his fingers to Ling smile hook said.
"Nonsense, this child seems to be overindulged. I must teach him a lesson when I go back." Ling Wei, the four elders of the stage, clapped the table and said angrily. He glanced at Ling Cang in the middle, as if he was afraid that his grandson's such behavior would offend Ling Cang, and Ling Xiao would be Ling Cang's grandson.
Ling Mo, the second elder, said: "it's normal for young people to be impulsive and arrogant. It's harmless.". Ling Mo, the second elder, and Ling Cang, the patriarch, have been playing opposite roles. He took the opportunity to help Ling Wei of the middle faction to talk, which is self-evident.
Lingcang in the middle said, "we have also experienced the age of youth and frivolity. Lingtian is a good young man. The senior should be well trained in the future so that he can become the pillar of the family as soon as possible.".
Ling Wei takes a look at Ling Mo and finally says to Ling Cang, "Ling Wei knows.". In fact, Lingwei is very proud now. Linglin and Lingtian are the best talents in the young generation. Of course, their old faces are bright. Even if Lingtian is proud and conceited now, Lingwei doesn't think there is anything. Young people, understandably, he just said that just to take care of lingcang's face.
Looking back to the stage, Ling smiled a sly smile and said in a loud voice, "this is what you said, let me do three moves?".
Ling laughed at this, which was heard by everyone on the stage. He couldn't help laughing at it.
Lingtian naturally thinks that Lingxiao is in stage fright and intentionally speaks loudly to strengthen his courage. He immediately disdains to say, "of course, I'm Lingtian's word. If you can force me to fight within three moves, I'll lose.". Lingtian's words were equally loud, for fear that people under the stage would not hear them.
Ling smiled and said, "well, you're ready. I'm going to attack.".
Lingtian is very outstretched and makes a gesture of "let's go, let's not say three moves, even if you can't hurt me a little bit with 30 moves". Lingtian is quite confident because he is a middle-level xuanzhe. Even if he is just a first-time middle-level xuanzhe, his strength is unbeaten to the top five low-level xuanzhe at the same time. What's more, he has learned two moves of huangjie sword skill. To deal with Lingxiao, who has just entered the low-level xuanzhe for half a month, isn't that more than blade tour.
"Then I'm here, you wait," Ling said with a smile, and walked slowly toward Ling Tian. He seemed to walk in a leisurely way, not to attack at all.
"Look at it," Ling said with a smile, making a fist toward Ling Tian's face with the ordinary wild style.
Lingtian holds his hands in front of his chest, and his body is slightly on one side. He lightly avoids Lingxiao's fist and despises and says, "with this kind of mountain village fist, I want to meet you, dream.".
Lingxiao pulls back her fist and shakes it for two times. "* * * you've dodged it. Look at it again.". Ling Xiao shakes his fist and smashes at Ling Xiao again with some speed. There is no accident. Ling Tian dodges again.
The children of Ling family were shocked by Ling Xiao's performance.
"This is not the strength of the low-level xuanzhe. Even the five level martial artists are faster than him.".
"Will he know that he is not Lingtian's opponent, and give up after deliberately playing a few punches?".
"I don't think it's such a wimp, is it?".
...
Lingzhi looks at Lingxiao inexplicably. At the beginning, he was stunned by Lingxiao. He doesn't believe that Lingxiao didn't even have the courage to fight. It seems that his two fists are just numbing Lingtian's attention. The third move will come as a surprise.
The elders on the stage don't understand Lingxiao's performance. They think that Lingxiao's last move is the third move. However, they all agree that even if Lingxiao's last surprise, it's impossible to defeat Lingtian. After all, the strength gap lies there.
"The last move, if you want to kill anything, please let it out." Lingtian sneered. Although he is conceited, he is not that kind of brainless person. He must have guessed Ling Xiao's intention.
Ling smiled and touched his nose and said, "yes, yes, I can dodge my two punches. You have some skills. It seems that I can't beat you if I'm not serious.".
Lingtian said, "don't talk so much. You have only one last chance. Draw your sword and treasure it.".
Just now, Ling Xiao just waved to Ling Tian with his bare hands and empty fists, and the best move of any martial artist
Generally, weapons are used. Only weapons can make each other feel intimidated and exert the strongest power.
Ling Xiao's eyes flashed a subtle color of guile and said with a smile, "it's not worth drawing my sword to deal with you, a small middle-level mysterious man.".
Ling Tian was stunned, and immediately laughed and said, "ha ha, do you think you are still the Xuanshi of that year? You're just a new character. You're not afraid to flash your tongue when you say this to me.
On the stage, Ling Yan, the five elders, said with a sneer, "these days, some children just don't know how to advance or retreat.". The five elders were teased by Ling Xiao in the cabinet, and almost let their grandson Ling Rui be expelled from the family. He hated Ling Xiao very much.
Ling Wei, the fourth elder, forbeared not to laugh. He also thought that although Ling Xiao could practice again, he believed that his grandson would never fail.
At the next moment, Ling Xiao proves that other people's ideas are wrong with his actions, and it's very wrong.
Is it true?
Ling smiled and said, "I'm ready. I'm going to fight.".
"Less nonsense, come on, don't waste time, it's your last chance," Ling Tian said confidently.
As soon as his words fell, Ling Xiao began to move. His movements seemed to be slow, but they were very fast. His footsteps were so strange that he came to Ling Tian like a gust of wind.
"Flowing water and clouds"
"Catch the wind and catch the shadow"
Ling Xiao is merciless. His hands are like running water towards Ling Tian's unresponsive chest, and then he kicks several feet of Fengshen legs in succession, which makes Ling Tian have no power to parry.
Lingtian only felt that he was in front of Lingxiao. He didn't even have the time to react. Like a sandbag, he was blown out without any chance to fight back.
No matter on or off the stage, everyone was shocked. When Ling Tian was blown away like a broken kite, they were all stupid.
The children of the Ling family don't know how Ling Xiao did it. Only the deacons at the Xuanshi level and above who were watching the battle and the elders on the stage could see that Ling Xiao's fists and feet hit nine times respectively. There were eighteen attacks, which fell on Ling Tian.
"This... "It's impossible," exclaimed Lingzhi, with his eyes wide open.
Ling Xing on one side was slightly surprised, but not too surprised. He thought to himself, "Ling Tian is a conceited idiot, but it's good that way. Next time, let me face this guy and see how I can maim him.".
Lingkuang and Linglin, who were sitting with the deacon, were shocked because they all saw Lingxiao's strange footwork was very fast, which could almost match the speed of their xuanshijie.
On the stage, Ling Wei, the fourth elder, and Ling Yan, the fifth elder, all turned green. One was unexpectedly that their grandson really failed. The other was shown by Ling Xiao
I was shocked by the speed.
Ling Cang, the patriarch sitting in the middle, finally showed a happy smile.
On the stage, Ling smiled at Ling Fu, the nine elder, and said, "elder, is it time to announce the result?".
Ling Fucai responded, "Oh This contest is a victory.
At this moment, the audience roared like a frying pan. No one thought that Ling Xiao of the low-level Xuan really defeated Ling Tian of the middle-level Xuan.
"No... No way, I won't lose. We can't compete with Lingtian again. "Lingtian broke away from the bodyguard who helped him to have a rest. He can't accept the real roar.
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 026 you are not qualified! Collection recommendation
Lingxiao glanced at Lingtian, then laughed and said, "haha, thank you for your acceptance. If you didn't let me do three moves, I would not have a chance to win you." after a pause, he said, "the middle-level xuanzhe is just like this.". [the first 520 novels in writing] after that, he walked off the stage.
Lingtian glares at Lingxiao and roars, "I killed you". The sword behind him instantly goes out of its sheath and wants to roar towards Lingxiao.
"Unbridled!" On the stage, the four elders snorted in a low voice, and a strong invisible pressure swept towards Lingtian.
Lingtian immediately stopped on the spot, sweat on his cheek. Soon, the sun sword in his hand fell off his hands and his knees were pressed to kneel heavily.
"It's disgraceful not to take it," Ling Wei said to the bodyguard.
At this time, two bodyguards hurriedly held Ling Tian's face like death and left the scene.
Ling Wei turns to Ling Cang and bows to him and says, "chief, I don't have strict discipline. I will punish this evil grandson severely when I go back. Please forgive me.".
Ling Cang waved and said, "let's go back to training for a few words and continue the competition.".
"Thanks clan long Kuan Su" Ling Wei returned to his seat after another ceremony. Whether Ling Tian lost or not, Ling Tian actually threatened to kill Ling in front of so many people
Smile, but Ling Xiao is the grandson of Ling Cang, the patriarch. Isn't it right to hit the patriarch's face on the spot? Ling Wei's palms were sweating a lot. Although Ling Cang was usually very gentle, his own strength was still above him, and the means of killing trees were very decisive. When they were young, he saw Ling Cang kill a troop in the wild mountains by hand. He was very frightened in retrospect.
Linghu fights fiercely. In the first collision of the high-level Xuanshi, no one is optimistic about Linghu. Linghu has just broken through to the high-level Xuanshi for more than a month. However, Lingli has broken through for more than a year, and it has reached the peak of the Xuanshi. In the next three months, it will release Xuanli and become the Xuanshi level. There will be a big gap between the two.
Lingtian's story is just a little episode. With the start of the next competition, it was forgotten by everyone.
For so many years, Ling Cang and Ling Mo have been fighting openly and secretly. He doesn't lean to the left or the right, but he can't afford to offend him. So he just needs to be alone and be his punishment elder. He doesn't want to break the balance because of Ling Tian's reason, because either side of his leaning to help will be a road of no return.
However, Linghu is not the kind of master who retreats without fighting. At least he has to fight as hard as he can, and he also admits losing.
With the announcement of nine elder Ling Fu, the last scene of the second round begins!
After Linghu and Lingli slightly saluted, there was no nonsense, and the war began.
rate
Linghu is the first to attack. He roars like a tiger roaring. His fists are like a dragon going out to sea. He smashes them fiercely.
It's also a second-order low-level weapon, greedy wolf silver gun, which is made of the bones and muscles of the second-order snow wolf. It's not as tough as it is. It can also send out a blood devouring killing power of greedy wolf, making people timid before fighting.
Back quickly, with one hand on the back, quickly dial the gun, a silver crystal long gun appeared in the hand.
Greedy wolf silver gun in hand, fierce tiger eyes show fierce, waving a long gun in front of Linghu, faster than Linghu on some points.
Linghu knew that he didn't have any advantage over weapons. He didn't dare to take it hard. Instead, he dodged the past with a tiger step, and even threw several fists at his waist.
Linghu didn't expect to react so quickly, but his eyes showed disdainful coldness. As soon as the direction of the long gun changed, he immediately drank "arrow rain".
For a time, countless spear shadows are toward linghusi, just like countless raindrops, which also have a cold breath, and the pain of cutting face.
Linghu can't avoid it. Tiger fist and gun shadow are bombarded together.
"Jingdong Jingdong... " A symphony of weapons.
It's a secret. Linghu's shoulders have been broken several blood holes in succession. The blood spatter is not frightening.
However, Linghu is still biting his teeth and insisting that he doesn't care about this injury,
Many of the underage Ling's children turned pale with fear.
Still looking for a chance to fight back.
"Indomitable" saw Linghu's tenacity. He changed his moves by drawing a gun. For a while, it became a snake shadow like a raindrop. He opened the bloody basin and went to Linghu's mask.
"This is the change of snake gun. Its power is more extraordinary than last year. It seems that lingkuang is going to take that step too." lingkuang mured to himself with his eyes narrowed.
Lingxing looks very dignified in the near future. There was not a big gap between him and Lingli. But when he saw that Lingxing's moves were naturally formed, he felt that he was still a little bit worse than Lingli. On the challenge arena, a little small gap is enough to talk about success or failure.
"Wait, you are the only opponent today." Ling Xing clenched his fist and said in his heart.
This move determines the success or failure. Linghu's double fists are close together, and his eyes are staring at him. His whole body's Xuanli quickly gathers on the double fists and "leaps into the forest".
His fists were like a sledgehammer, and he met the spear like a snake.
"Boom".
Linghu screams. His fist is broken and his mouth is full of blood. But Rao, Linghu doesn't retreat.
"Huh?" With a sharp brow, I only felt that there were some defects.
"Ah"
As expected, Linghu still has a back move, only to see that he has grabbed the fierce greedy wolf gun and injected all Xuanli with another fist, shouting "defeat me!".
One blow is like a tiger going down the mountain and hitting the key points.
The fierce spear was under control, and Linghu was unexpectedly so tenacious. He had a strong belly and a fist.
The "bastard" was in sharp pain. He was shaken back for several steps. He gave a big drink, and his spear shook. In a turn, Linghu's hand was instantly opened.
"Greedy wolf bite" was furious by Linghu. For the first time, he used all his strength, and the spear went to Linghu's throat.
A fierce wolf roared to Linghu who didn't fight back.
Seeing that Ling Hu is going to die under the fierce long gun, Ling Fu, the elder brother beside, drinks and wants to stop him. Unfortunately, it's too far away.
There was a sound of horror under the stage, as if they were going to witness the moment when Ling Hu was killed.
Fortunately, sharp is still very reasonable, just at the moment when the long gun is going to stab Linghu's throat, the head of the gun slightly deviated, and directly picked on Linghu's shoulder.
The tiger's voice rocked the sky. It was magnificent. The whole audience was shocked!
Blood flying, tiger body flying.
The scene was silent. After a while, everyone was relieved to know that the Ling family was not allowed to kill each other. However, even the grandson of the patriarch could not escape death.
Elder Ling Fu wiped a little sweat on his forehead and sighed a little sigh of relief. Just now, he was scared to death. Under his eyes, there was still death in war. He was guilty.
Ling Hu Shen
Ling Li takes a cold look at Ling Hu, and then leaves the stage. No one finds that there is blood oozing from the corner of Ling Hu's mouth. Obviously, Ling Hu suffered internal injury just now when he finally fought back.
Lying on the ground in a miserable color, he said hard from his mouth, "more Thank you very much. Be merciful.
The children of the Ling family are not angry about the selection of Ling Xiao. One of the top five is actually a low-level xuanzhe. Even if he can become a middle-level xuanzhe next year, his strength in representing the Ling family in the competition will be much worse. In the past, except for a few small families who sent the middle-level xuanzhe out of the competition, the lowest level of the other two families in the competition is the high-level xuanzhe, which is a big competition for family honor There can be no horse in the world.
With the victory of Lingli, the three strongest people in xuanzhe stage are finally determined, namely Lingxing, Lingxiao and Lingli. Together with Ling Kuang and Ling Lin of xuanshijie, the three will participate in next year's competition with the young generation of meteorite City family, and enjoy the treatment of ordinary deacons. One of them can get the favor of the elder and become the successor disciple of the elder.
This matter does not matter for the time being, the contest is not over, but a third round of contest will be held to determine the final ranking.
Ling Xing, Ling Xiao and Ling Li go to draw lots respectively. This time, it's not a knockout match but a round robin match. Those who win two games in a row are the strongest in xuanzhe level. The two who lose one game each decide on the ranking again.
For the sake of fair competition, if someone is injured in the competition, you can take the dew provided by the family after the competition
Dan recovers from the injury and fights again. Of course, he can choose to abstain.
The draw will be over soon. Lingxing smiles at Lingxing for the first time. Lingli will have a rest for a while.
Lingxiao is reminded again by Lingli, "don't carry it hard.".
Lingxiao's heart warmed, and then he said with a smile, "this should be that I said to you, don't bear it, take advantage of now to find a place to spit up some blood.". After that, he would not go back to the challenge arena.
Others don't notice the abnormal appearance of Ling Li, but Ling Xiao does. At the moment, Ling Li is struggling with the blood churning. It's easy to cause a dark disease if he can endure it. If he spits out the blood and uses Xuanli to guide him, he should not leave any sequelae.
With a strange look, he hesitated for a moment and left the scene quietly.
Here, Lingxing wants to go on stage, and Lingzhi says to him, "brother Xing, you can't let that bastard go easily.".
"It's natural, unless he doesn't give up, otherwise "Haha" Ling Xing put out his tongue and licked it.
Lingxiao and Lingxing went to the stage, and everyone began to talk about it again. In a word, no one would like Lingxiao to be popular again. The conclusion is that Lingxiao will lose.
On the field, Ling Xing hung up a smile with Xi and said, "you'd better give up, you're too weak, and I'm not at the same level, don't do the so-called struggle.".
Ling smiled a little, then said with a smile, "ha ha, you stink like that guy just now, but it doesn't work out yet
When everyone heard Ling Xiao's words, they couldn't help but scold him secretly. It's shameless. It's surprising that people in the hall were asked to recruit people, and they took it for granted.
It's just like losing to me. "After a pause, he added," who was one step higher than me just now? Let me do three moves and you're two steps higher than me. Is that right? Let me do six moves, or it's too much to say. ".
"Well, it seems that you are not as generous as the one who was just there. However, you don't need to be recruited to deal with such a small role. You "Not qualified yet." Ling smiled and looked at Ling Xingdao disdainfully.
As soon as the words came out, the whole audience showed a strange look.
Lingxing's face was a little green, and immediately said, "there are only winners and losers on the challenge arena. If you don't have confidence, just give up, or you will suffer from some flesh and blood suffering.".
[first 520 novels]
Thank you for smashing flowers yesterday. Purity needs your strong support. Collection, recommendation, rating, comment Everything must be pure and greedy, but it will give you more wonderful plots ~ ~ thank you~~
, blowing the air to produce a whirring sound.
Ling Xing is not good at leg skill. He just gives Ling a smile, but he doesn't take it lightly like Ling Tian. He uses 80% Xuanli for this foot. The middle level Xuanli will be seriously injured if they are kicked.
However, he didn't expect Lingxiao's leg skill was so powerful that he was at a loss for countless foot shadows. He could hardly grasp them.
This move is the second type of Aeolus leg "strong grass in the wind". It's fast and powerful. If you can't prevent it, it will definitely make the other party feel overwhelmed.
Although Ling Xing is already very tight, he doesn't know what to expect. How could he know that this girl's leg skill is so awesome? He gets Lingxiao's feet in the face.
"This... What kind of leg technique is this? It can make Lingxing suffer losses.
"Is it the Yellow step leg technique? But it seems that there is no such leg technique in Xuanji Pavilion! "
"It's no wonder that Ling Xiao is afraid or not. He used to rely on it, but he would only aggravate Ling Xing. Ling Xing is not a soft sieve that can be kneaded by others.".
The children of the Ling family began to talk about it again.
On the stage, Ling Xing wiped the blood on the corners of his mouth and became ferocious. He said in a low voice, "I'm bleeding, you bastard.".
Ling Xiao is independent with one foot, raises one foot slightly, and poses in a natural and unrestrained posture and says, "hum, what's bleeding for you? I said that it's really unbearable to deal with such a small role as you.". If you do something else
Opponent, Ling Xiao may not be so arrogant, but he already knows that Ling Xing does not mean well to him, so he will not give Ling Xing a good face. Although he is only the strength of low-level Xuanshi, Ling Xing, as a high-level Xuanshi, is not his opponent. Only those who reach Xuanshi level will pose a threat to him! Therefore, he is not empty talk, boasting.
"You are very good, you have successfully angered me. Look at the move." Ling Xing angrily red his eyes, put his hand behind him, and the sword went out of its sheath.
"Green light cut"!
When the sword was wielded, the green light suddenly appeared, and a strong murderous spirit went towards Ling's smile.
Facing this move, Ling Xiao's face is slightly dignified, without hesitation, and steps out of the "cloud trace phantom".
Lingxiao's remaining figure is broken by a sword.
"No, he's behind Lingxing." lingkuang's eyes picked up, and he said softly.
As expected, Lingxiao took advantage of his body method and dodged a sword. At the same time, he began to use weapons and the Dragon Sword appeared.
"The heavy sword has no shadow".
Several sword shadows cut at Lingxing's back. If they were cut, they would be splashed with blood on the spot.
This move is Lingxiao's sword like move made by Lingguang when he watched the first scene of Linghu's attack on Lingguang. Lingxiao thinks this move is more suitable to use the sword.
Lingxing is also a success. It's back in a flash
The children of Ling's family cried out for a while, thinking that Ling Xiao had been killed on the spot.
When I passed by, I drew a defensive sword circle in my hand, blocking the sword from Ling Xiao.
"Jingdong Tinkle... ".
Long swords meet each other and show the benefits of weapons.
Ling Xing's hand is the second-order low-level green light sword, while Ling Xiao's hand is only the first-order middle-level giant dragon sword. The product level is too far away. The two swords collide, and many parts of the giant dragon sword body are cracked.
However, this time, everyone could see that Ling Xing was beaten by Ling Xiao. Everyone was unbelievable.
"This broken sword still can't do it," Ling said to himself with dissatisfaction as he watched the body of the Dragon Sword damaged in many places.
"Dare to despise me, defeat me!" on the challenge arena, Ling Xiao still paid attention to his sword. Ling Xing thought that Ling Xiao's action was clearly contempt for him. An unprecedented anger broke out, waving the green light sword, and a powerful sword skill went towards Ling Xiao.
Several green light sword awns, forming three blue and white sword awns, encircling the word "product" and flying to Ling Xiao.
Lingxiao was shocked by Lingxing's move of "I can't help but attack in congealed form". He quickly started to dodge, otherwise he could not take this move with the strength of his low-level mystic.
"Boom".
Ling Xiao just dodged. In his place, there was a sharp sound of sword. The destructive power was amazing.
Ling Xing stamped his feet, and the green lightsaber waved to Ling Xiao like a shadow. He repeatedly forced people to watch
"Will Ling Xiao be killed?".
"It's so strong. It's also Huang Jie's sword skill. Its power is amazing.".
It's mind blowing.
"There should be no problem for nine elders to see, but it's hard to say if they break their hands or feet.".
There was a lot of discussion under the stage, and silence on the stage.
Although Ling Xiao in the challenge arena has been forced to be left and right, when you look closely, you will find that he has a very calm smile on his face. It seems that he is still not afraid of such a dangerous sword shadow.
"Hey, you are not tired after playing so long!" Ling laughs to walk "cloud trace phantom" after dodging Ling Xing's sword, both hands embrace in the chest sneer way.
Ling Xing looks at Ling Xiao with a little gasp. He is grasping in his heart! He has just used all his strength. He can't even help a low-level xuanzhe. It's disgusting. I was going to make Ling Xiao look good in this competition, but it's too embarrassing to go on like this. Especially when looking at Ling Xiao's face, he feels very miserable.
"Do you only know how to run? There is a kind of war with me for a hundred rounds, "Ling Xing said with a gloomy face.
"It's up to you to catch up with me. Who says you are a high-level warrior? Even a low-level warrior can't catch up with me. You'd better fight with me for one hundred rounds." Lingxiao continued to sneer.
"Since you are such a rascal, don't blame me for being cruel"
Lingxing said quietly, at the same time, the Xuanli of the whole body increased rapidly. Gradually, Lingxing's face turned to dark green, which was very ferocious. His momentum grew in vain, even higher than before.
Qingsha split is Ling Xing's most powerful move at present. It's very powerful. Rao is that he's going to be very difficult next. Ling Xiao is just a low-level mysterious person. If he wants to take this move, he will be seriously injured.
"Can hurt in star elder brother's strongest move, Ling Xiao you are proud of yourself." not far away Ling Zhi muttered, he also did not expect Ling Xiao could force Ling Xing to this.
Others found Ling Xing's strange appearance. Ling Xiao could not have been unaware of it, but he really wanted to see what Lingxing's unique move was. Anyway, no matter what Lingxing was going to do, he was confident to take it. This was his pride as a unique strong man.
After a while, Ling Xing has finished gathering his strength. His momentum has reached the peak of xuanzhe. His whole face is scarily green. After this move, it will take at least one month to recover Xuanli. He wanted to stay until the battle was fierce and then used. Now, Ling Xiao teases him again and again. He is determined that Ling Xiao must not survive or die. He has already killed.
"Unexpectedly, Lingxing is forced to use the most powerful move to break the green evil spirit." the fierce one who just left the stage came back again, and suddenly found Lingxing's abnormal appearance. He was worried about Lingxing's smile.
"When I get together, you didn't come to attack. Today, you'll be happy to come here." Lingxing Yin test
Smile to say, then the green light sword in the hand slowly raised up, mouth big drink "green evil spirit crack!".
Then, a circle of green swords surged towards Ling Xiao, just like a wave of heaven's sword, which filled half of the challenge arena and left Ling Xiao nowhere to hide.
The power of this move is so strong, at least comparable to the attack of low-level Xuanshi!
"My God, it's so fierce." Ling smiled and stood on guard, holding the Dragon Sword tightly in his hand. When the wave of the sword came to devour him, he finally made a move.
"The sun shines brightly.".
Lingxiao secretly learns from Lingtian's huangjie sword technique. Countless sword shadows bombard each other, sending out bursts of noise.
"Jingdong Tinkle... ".
No matter in sword technique or weapon, Lingxiao did not have an advantage in finishing. After more than ten swords were put together, the dragon sword could not resist the power of the second-order green light sword and was cut in two.
"I am dizzy, the chain will be dropped at the critical moment." Ling smiled and sighed that he was still using the broken sword to protect his whole body.
"Haha, defeat me!" Ling Xing even showed a satisfied smile. The green light sword in his hand accelerated a few minutes and kept waving to Ling Xiao.
"Shit, I'm not playing anymore." Lingxiao was forced to be very embarrassed. Several parts of her body were scratched. Fortunately, she didn't cut her skin. Rao was so serious that Lingxiao began to take it seriously. He decided to end the competition.
Lingxiaofei: seeing moves
Often shamelessly throw the broken sword at Ling Xing.
Lingxing didn't expect Lingxiao to abandon the sword, and had to go back to the sword lattice to block the broken sword. He was already proud of it. Would Lingxiao be afraid if he didn't have a sword?
Unfortunately, what Lingxing didn't expect was that he also took Lingtian's failure path at the next moment.
After finishing Ling Xing's strong move, Ling Xiaomai steps like a charm. He immediately bullies Ling Xing's front, and attacks Ling Xing's chest with two palms.
The third type of cloud palm "overturn the clouds and cover the rain".
"Boom... Boom...... ".
Lingxing can't do anything to prevent it. She is hit hard on her chest. The whole person is stunned.
Finally, after a scream, he flew several meters away and fell under the challenge arena.
Please collect all the household chores, keep them for a while, and recommend them to the new book list. It's absolutely wonderful. You can't miss it~~~
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 028 the presence of elder Taishang
"This... "Impossible." the five elders on the stage forgot the occasion and immediately stood up and shouted. [the first 520 novels in Chinese] he can't believe that his most proud grandson was defeated like this, and he was still defeated by a low-level mysterious man.
"Footwork, leg skill, palm strength Where did Ling Xiao learn from? The power is so powerful, and he also knows tianer's hot sword skill, "said Ling Wei, the four elder, with a surprised look.
All the elders on the stage saw Ling Xiao's extraordinary performance, and they couldn't help but secretly marvel at it. For the first time, they have seen such weird and wonderful mysterious skills. They keep searching for the mysterious skills in the Xuanji Pavilion, and there is no one move that can be used to get Ling Xiao.
Ling Cang, who was sitting in the middle, had no expression at all, but was full of surprises. However, he was worried about many things and made a firm determination at the same time. This time, in any case, Ling could not laugh at anything.
"Elder, can you announce the result?" Ling Xiao turns to Ling Fu, who still hasn't announced the result.
Ling Fu, the nine elders, came back to God and was about to announce the result.
"Slow... Yes, I I'm not defeated. "Ling Xing, lying on the ground, makes a faint voice,
Ling Mo, the second elder, didn't say a word. The old eyes passed a trace of imperceptible killing intention, and then they were drowned again.
Then he slowly stood up, but his chest seemed to be "concave". At least Ling Xiaozhen broke several sternum bones, and his body was shaking. Everyone could see that he was the end of a powerful force.
Sure enough, before he had a firm foothold, he fell down again.
Now, the children of Ling's family looked at Ling with different eyes. After a little silence, they burst into cheers.
This is a land of worshiping the strong, so is the Ling family.
Today, the Lings witnessed the miracle.
The fact that the low-level xuanzhe has defeated the high-level xuanzhe can be said that no one believes it, but it actually happened in front of them, which can't be denied by them.
At this moment, they witnessed once again their Lingjia and meteorite city's most powerful genius finally stood up again. The heart of reverence was once again boiling with blood. They couldn't help cheering for their idols.
Only Ling Pang is unwilling to stare at Ling and smile. His fists are tightly clenched. He wants to tear Ling and smile.
"I knew I would bring Yuxi here and let her see my young master's prestige." Lingxiao looked at the reaction from the stage and couldn't help but think of Yuxi. This guy felt that he didn't let Bai Yuxi see his victory. He felt very sorry!
Ling Xing is taken down for treatment, and the next battle will be fought by Ling Xiao.
At this moment, Ling Xiaoju
This let nine elder Ling Fu Leng Leng ask "do you really want to give up this contest?".
But abstained directly.
"Yes, I abstained." Ling smiled and nodded again. In fact, it's not that he doesn't want to compete with Lingli, but he doesn't want to take advantage of Lingli. Even if Lingli is in the peak state, Lingxiao is sure to defeat Lingli, but this must be his cousin. Just give him some face and let him save energy.
Lingxiao is no longer ranked in this competition. The real strong are usually very low-key. He thought he should keep a low profile.
If he let other Ling family disciples hear this, they are afraid that they will be spitting blood. Who said just now that a high-level xuanzhe is only a small role, and he is not qualified to be his opponent? Would the person who can say such words be a low-key person? They would not believe it if they were killed.
After a sharp look at Ling Xiao, he said lightly, "I will fight again when you become a Xuanshi.".
Elder Ling Fu announced a fierce victory.
Next, it was supposed to be the first battle between Lingxing and Lingxing. Unfortunately, Lingxing was still in a state of escaping from emptiness after she had taken the service back to Ludan, and her confidence was severely hit, so she was unable to cope with the war, so she directly abstained.
As a result, he won the top rank of xuanzhe level and continued to be under the age of 20 in the 18th generation of Ling family
"No problem." Lingxiao doesn't care about the location. He won't worry about it.
The family test is finally over!
Lingxiao was ranked fourth in the ranking of the third strongest, Lingxing dropped one place to fifth, and Linghu ranked sixth
After the patriarch and the elders said some words of mutual encouragement, they dismissed all the children and returned, leaving only the top five, Ling Kuang, Ling Lin, Ling Li, Ling Xiao and Ling Xing.
Lingcang, the patriarch, said to the five people, "you five are all the elites of the young generation of our Ling family. From today on, you will enjoy the Deacon level treatment. We will go to the next year's family competition in the meteorite city with your five brothers and sisters who are in the closed position. I hope you can keep off arrogance, rashness and practice hard in the next year. If you encounter difficulties, you can always come to me and sit here The elders ask for advice, they will not be stingy to explain to you.
After a pause, he went on to say, "now three elders will give you rewards.".
Lingkuang, the third elder, stood up with his big belly on the top of his head and said, "lingkuang will accept the reward. Because you broke through Xuanshi level three months ago and performed well, you will be rewarded with two bottles of back dew pill, two bottles of Nourishing Qi pill, one breaking speed pill and one second-order medium-level gun".
Hearing the reward announced by the three elders, Ling Kuang couldn't help but get a joy and return a gift to the three elders. Although he is the grandson of the second elder Ling Mo, all the cultivation resources he received are distributed by his family. So he is also very excited to receive so many rewards at one time, especially the broken speed pill and the second-order medium-level gun weapons, which are unexpected to him
Harvest.
It's not to mention that he uses a second-order medium-level gun. Now he uses a second-order low-level gun. The product level is not low, but there is a better medium-level gun. Of course, he likes it better.
The Third Elder announced Ling Lin's reward again. Her reward was similar to Ling Kuang's, but there was a difference in weapons. What she got was the second-order sword, because she used the sword.
Next came the fierce reward. He got a bottle of return dew pill, a bottle of Nourishing Qi pill, and a condensation pill.
The reward of xuanzhe level is not as good as that of Xuanshi level, but he is very satisfied with a pill.
Ningli pill, a second-order low-level pill, has the effect of concentrating and nourishing qi, improving Xuanli, and has a very significant effect on Xuanshi level breakthrough.
Breaking speed pill, a second-order low-level pill, can double your own speed. If you take it in a fight, you will definitely be invincible at the same level.
Next, it was time to announce Ling Xiao's reward, but the three elders skipped Ling Xiao's reward and directly announced Ling Xing's reward.
There is no difference between Lingxing's reward and sharp reward.
After the three elders announced Lingxing's reward, they returned to their seats.
Ling Xiao was in a hurry. Everyone got a reward. Even the defeated general Ling Xing got a lot of benefits, but he didn't have a share. He immediately asked the three elders
"Three elders, did you miss my reward?".
Ling Yuan, the third elder, touched his beard and said with a smile, "you have no reward.".
"What... What, I have no reward. Elder three, you have to make it clear. How can I be so much more powerful than this loser? How can he reward me without reward? "It's not fair," Ling said with great indignation.
Lingxing, who was pale on one side, listened to him. He couldn't help but get angry. He was so angry that he burst out with blood.
"You see, I can only say a word and he spits blood. This useless waste can't be used very much. Well, you can give me two of his same rewards. That's all right." Ling laughed and pointed at Ling Xing in public, sneering at him, and wanted more rewards. I have to say that this guy is very good at climbing up the stick.
Ling Cang frowned slightly and said, "Ling can't laugh without nonsense." then he turned to Ling Yuan, the three elder, and asked, "what are you doing.
Ling Yuan, the third elder, helplessly spread out his hands and pointed to the way "the patriarch looks who is coming" not far away.
Ling Cang and the elders looked in the direction of Ling Yuan, the three elders. They saw an old man with grey hair and bent body coming.
The old man seems to be walking slowly, but every step is
In addition to the three elders, all the elders and the clan leader Ling Cang are also very puzzled that the three elders asked why they didn't announce the reward of Ling Xiao. This didn't happen first!
"Elder Taishang" everyone saluted to the visitor.
It's a big step, almost five meters away, and it comes to all the elders in an instant.
Elder Taishang said to everyone lightly, "no!".
Seeing the appearance of elder Taishang, in addition to Ling Xiao, the other four became excited as if they had beaten chicken blood, even the coldness and ferocity they had always been.
Because they knew what was going to happen next, the senior general of Taishang chose one of them as his successor. This is absolutely more exciting for Lingjia than any reward.
At this time, Ling Yan, the five elder, quietly winked at Ling Mo, the two elder. It seemed that he was transmitting some information, while the two elder nodded knowingly.
Then Ling Mo, the second elder, came out first and said, "elder Taishang, Ling Mo has something to say.".
The elder looked at Ling Mo and said, "speak, I listen.".
Ling Mo points to Ling Kuang, his grandson, and then points to the elder taishangchang saying, "Eighteen generations of descendants, Ling Kuang got away with xuanshijie three months ago. He is the fastest advanced xuanshijie under the age of 20. This year, he is only 19 years old, and his talent is excellent. I hope the elder taishangcan give him more advice.".
Lingmo's words just came out. Lingcang's face and that of the group supporting lingcang were all changed, while the elders supporting Lingmo were smiling.
Lingkuang takes the opportunity to face taishangchang
Chapter 029 "skin refining" success
"Ling Xiao, is not quick to salute elder Taishang." Ling Cang, who hasn't spoken, also said anxiously. [first 520 novels]
Ling Xiaozheng made a salute to the elder, but he didn't flatter the other four so much.
Seeing Ling smile like this, Ling Cang's heart is full of Qi. He scolds this kid secretly. He doesn't know how to advance or retreat.
Elder Taishang, with an old hand, squints his eyes and starts to look at lingkuang. Then he laughs and says, "it's not bad, it's really a good seedling.".
Hearing the praise from the elder, Ling Kuang almost cheered happily, but he still calmly replied, "thank you for your wonderful praise.".
Ling Mo, the second elder on one side, showed a rare smile, as if Ling Kuang had been taken for granted by the elder.
Then, the elder Taishang swept Linglin's body again and said, "you're not bad either." when Linglin wanted to thank him, he said, "unfortunately, your attributes don't match mine.".
This sentence put Ling Lin and Ling Wei, the four elders, into the cold cellar, making them very uncomfortable.
"Don't be pessimistic, as long as you are willing to work hard, your achievements are not under him," said the elder Taishang. He didn't want to see the confidence of a good seedling destroyed by him.
In a word, elder Taishang let Ling Lin regain her confidence and firmly nodded, "thank you, elder Taishang
At this time, Ling Wei, the fourth elder, also stood up and said, "elder Tai, Linglin, the eighteenth generation of descendants, has a good talent. She also broke through the Xuanshi level a month ago, hoping that elder Tai could be good at guiding her.".
All the elders were surprised to see Ling Wei. They didn't expect that Ling Wei, who has always been indisputable, would go out at this moment and dare to compete with Ling Mo, the second elder.
The old bow said, "Ling Kuang has met the elder, I hope Ling Kuang has the honor to serve you.". At the moment, Ling Kuang's heart is very surging. If he can become the disciple of the elder, he will be the first one of Ling's family in the future. His high desire for control makes him happy.
Linglin, wearing a purple martial suit, also went up to the elder and flattered her.
Then, without the recommendation of others, Lingxing and Lingxing all strive to recommend themselves first, hoping to get the appreciation of the elder.
There is only one chance. If they miss it, they won't have it again. Can they not cherish it?
Only Ling Xiao doesn't have the same understanding with them. Although the elder is too profound, Ling Xiao thinks that he is much worse than the old master of his previous life. He thinks that no one is qualified to be his master, so he is the only one among the five.
[first 520 novels]
I will work hard.
Elder Taishang nodded to her and looked at him. Then he gently raised his eyebrows and said, "it's not bad. I want to break through Xuanshi in the near future. My heart is very firm and my future achievements are limitless.".
"Thank you, elder, for your praise." he bowed and said gratefully. He is now 18 years old, and in half a year he will be 19 years old. I believe that he can break through Xuanshi within half a year. His talent is definitely better than lingkuang's. He is only one year younger than lingkuang's. otherwise, his achievements will never be lower than lingkuang's.
Elder Taishang also focuses on Ling Xiao and Ling Xing. Ling Xiao still doesn't care, but he respects the old man very much. But Ling Xing is very nervous. He is weak now. I'm afraid elder Taishang ignored him directly.
For Ling Xiao and Ling Xing, the elder Taishang just said "all very well.".
This made the patriarch and the elders confused. They didn't know who the elder looked after. Lingkuang or sharp? The chance of these two people is the greatest, and the supreme elder gives them the highest evaluation.
This is not only related to personal achievements, but also to the balance of the Ling family. If elder Taishang chooses Ling Kuang, then the two elders will be stronger. The next leader will be the son of the two elders. If elder Taishang chooses Ling Li, then Ling Cang's position will be unbreakable. In the future, the two elders and the five elders will surely converge and will not deal with it It's against Ling Cang
。 The majesty of the elder is something none of them dare to violate.
The scene was filled with absolute silence, and everyone was waiting for the decision of the elder.
However, only one said impatiently, "three elders, give me a reward first. I have to hurry back to eat.". It's not others who talk, it's Ling Xiao. He was not interested in waiting for the old man's decision. The test took a long time, and he was already hungry.
As soon as Ling Xiao said this, he became the focus of the crowd again. This guy is too precious. I don't know how powerful he is. Where is the elder Taishang here.
Ling Cang frowned and said, "don't be rude!".
"If you want to go back quickly, go back. No one will stop you," said Ling Mo, the second elder, displeased.
"But I haven't got the reward yet!" Ling said with a smile, he was also upset. He worked hard to get this share, but he left without any benefits. That's too much to say.
"Hum, if you offend the supreme commander, you will always die. If you are wise, you will leave quickly, or even the clan leader will not protect you." said Ling Yan, the five elder, coldly.
"Fuck you, you old man, I beat your grandson, and drove me away without a reward." Ling laughed and scolded. He has endured for a long time. The five elders can't get along with him everywhere. It's obvious that they are not happy with him. There's no need for him to look good.
"You dare to scold me, patriarch,
You can also see that Ling Xiao actually committed the following crimes and should be punished for his clan rules. "The five elders were so old that their beards blew up. They seized the opportunity to treat Ling Xiao's crime, and at the same time made Ling Cang fall flat. It can be called" one stone, two birds ". The mind is very vicious.
"What is this?" Ling said with a smile.
"I don't know if I have a look." the elder said. With a flick of his hand, the fragments fell to Ling Xiao.
Lingxiao's four people don't know what elder Taishang meant, but the elders on the other side have guessed something. The faces of the two and five elders are hard to see in a moment. Only the three elder Lingyuan has a smile of Hexi, as if he already knows it.
At the time of Ling Cang's distress, elder Taishang gave a kind laugh, "don't worry, your reward is here for me." after all, elder Taishang had a fragmented script in his hand.
Ling Xiao turned over the remnant several times with his eyes shining. He murmured to himself, "it's actually the three changes after the five changes of Vajra". Then he raised his head to the old way of Taishang: "thank you for your reward. Since there's nothing wrong, I'll go back first, and you can continue to talk.".
After that, Ling Xiao copied the three changes of King Kong after the five changes into his arms, turned around and left.
Everyone was speechless about Ling Xiao's behavior. This guy didn't seem to know that he had been lucky.
"Xiao'er, don't be rude. Don't thank the elder immediately." Ling Cang was worried. Unexpectedly, the elder took a fancy to Ling Xiao
, he was ecstatic in his heart, but when he saw that Ling Xiao didn't treasure it so much, he really wanted to pat him to death with a slap. The child was too headstrong.
"Didn't I thank you? I still have to hurry back to eat. I don't need to give it away. "Ling smiled and didn't go back. He waved and went on without any nostalgia.
Ling Cang, the "bastard" drank lightly and was about to catch Ling and smile back. Unexpectedly, the elder waved his sleeve and said with a smile, "I'm hungry too, and I'm just begging for food from this kid.".
Say, unexpectedly two-step chase to Ling smile and go.
All the people were stunned on the spot.
...
Half a month later, a naked young man was being roasted under the blazing sun by the most severe fire. His skin was as black as charcoal, and his sweat ran like rain. The most amazing thing was that he had a faint white smoke.
It turns out that he is not only exposed to the sun, but also surrounded by four golden mirrors that reflect the sun on him. Five times of the hot light is gathered together, and people are going to be roasted. However, the young man is holding two buckets of water in his hands, running in the toilet, biting his teeth and insisting on practicing the pithy formula in his heart.
Not far from the Ivy trellis, an old man is drinking a small wine leisurely, while there is a young girl who is beautiful and beautiful. She keeps pouring wine for him to make him happy. It seems that he hasn't been so happy for a long time.
"Old man, can you let me
Young master has a rest, you see he can't hold on to it. "The young girl on one side helped the old man to beat his shoulder lightly, while persuading the young man in the sun.
The old man smiled and said, "I didn't call him so hardworking. He has to insist on it himself. Just persuade him not to do it.".
The girl said angrily, "young master will not listen to me.".
"Then he won't listen to me," the old man replied.
The girl was so angry that she stamped her feet, but there was nothing she could do.
After a while, the young man who was in the sun was howling constantly. His face was ferocious, as if he had become a wild animal. The black skin on his body began to crack, which seemed terrible and frightening.
"Don't try again, young master," exclaimed the young girl, who was not allowed to serve the old man.
The young man didn't seem to hear him. He kept screaming, "ah Ah... ".
The skin of his face finally cracked and fell off. The tiny crack was like a spider's web, and it was closely facing the neck, chest and arm from his face Wait for the place to spread.
"Cold water immersion" the old man under the Ivy trellis suddenly had a big drink.
The boy shook his arms, two buckets of water flew towards the bucket not far away, and finally the whole man jumped into the bucket.
"... I... " A mixture of hot and cold sounds sounded.
"Ah!" Again, the boy in the barrel uttered an astonishing scream.
"Young master!" The girl covered her face and exclaimed. She did not dare to see the crime that the boy was suffering. Now she was very sad.
"Ha ha, I didn't expect that in just one month, I could become the first layer of" skin refining ". Such talents and efforts are inseparable." the old man stroked his white beard with great satisfaction and exclaimed, without any sorrow for the young man's misery.
After a long time, the boy in the bucket came out of the bucket and exclaimed, "it hurts me so much. I'm really suffering from practicing my foreign skills.".
"Young master, are you ok?" the young girl exclaimed, and hurried to the young man in the bucket.
"I'm ok. What can I do? I can stand this bitter young master," said the young man, patting his strong chest.
The young girl realized that the young man was naked, and could not help blushing. She was about to turn away from him. It seemed that something strange happened. She was surprised and said, "young man, your face...".
"What happened to my face?" The youth touched his face and asked.
However, this touch found that his face actually took off a large piece, which really scared him.
As he touched a piece, his face miraculously fell off, revealing the skin inside like a newborn baby. It was so white and mellow that people admired it.
"This...
What's going on? Is the first layer tempered? " The young man looked at the same shed skin on his chest and said to himself.
"Yes, the first layer of" skin refining "you are" the old man replied not far away.
"Ha ha, it's over after a month's hard work." the young man laughed, then jumped out of the barrel. The dead skin on his body fell off completely. The whole man became spiritually shining, with fine and smooth skin, and vigorous and handsome. He was a beautiful young man.
It's needless to say that this young man is Ling Xiao who has been practicing the "five changes of Vajra". That young girl is his maid Bai Yuxi, and that old man is the supreme elder of Ling family.
Whoops ~ ~ ~ where's your support??
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 030 have you become handsome?
However, in order to break through the first change, Lingxiao has not suffered much this month. In addition to a large amount of physical training, she has to accept the sun exposure, and finally she has to accept the cold and hot Jiansha. That kind of taste is really not acceptable to ordinary people. Fortunately, Lingxiao has a tough temper, or she would have quit for a long time. Now, she has finally got the reward. The first change has achieved great success in training, and his body can carry it now The person who lives in the high-level Xuanshi has a full strike and is OK. It has reached the strength of the first level defense. After the second change of "refining", he can withstand the high-level Xuanshi's full strike.
At that time, in meteorite City, as long as you don't meet a spiritual master, life preservation should not be a problem.
Ling Xiao has been practicing the "five changes of Vajra" for one month. Today, he finally achieved the first change of "skin training"! This is inseparable from his efforts and talents. Moreover, he has the personal guidance and supervision of the supreme elder. If he wants to break through, he will not be able to do so. [first 520 novels]
Now there is also the practice formula of three changes behind the five changes formula given by the supreme elder. The five changes formula of the King Kong is all together. The latter three changes are "refining the internal organs", "refining the bones" and "refining the blood". The defense of each change is very variable. In the fifth change, even if the legendary King level or even the powerful emperor level hit with all their strength, it is not necessarily something. This defense skill doesn't indicate the level, but according to the elder's guess, it's at least above the green level.
Why guess? Because the supreme elder himself was only trained to the third level of "refining the dirty". "Five changes of Vajra" in addition to the first change can be refined without the help of spiritual herbs, the other four changes need a lot of spiritual herbs and pills, otherwise, before the skill has been refined, people will be tortured to death by the cruel cultivation.
Spirit grass and elixir are rare. Even if they are better than the elder, they can only get the third level spirit grass, which can be cultivated into the third level and become a small level. In the fourth level, even if they need the fourth or even fifth level spirit grass and elixir, they can only be deterred.
After bathing and changing, Ling Xiao was dressed in a tailored black tights, and then a cape on the back, which made the whole person look very natural.
A long hair like ink waterfall, scattered at will, more reflects his wild and uninhibited personality, a pair of sharp sharp eyes, deeply permeated with the enchanting God, the bright and clean jade face, more can make the girls love.
"The young master is really charming." Bai Yuxi looks at Lingxiao, who is close to him, and exclaims in his heart. At the same time, two red clouds rise on his face.
"Rain Xi, is this young master handsome?" Ling smiled at himself in the mirror and asked proudly.
"Well, how do you look, young master?" Bai Yuxi bowed his head slightly and replied with a drunken face.
"Haha, this is what my young master thinks." Lingxiao is very disgusting
Love road.
Bai Yuxi's heart naturally agrees with Ling Xiao. Now almost all her heart belongs to Ling Xiao. If Ling Xiao wants her body, she will not resist at all, or even be more happy.
Out of the room, Ling Xiao and Bai Yuxi come out of the room.
They went all the way to the hall, and many servants were greeting Ling with a respectful smile, "deacon adult".
Now, Lingxiao's identity is different from that of the past. When he got the top five in the family test, he had the identity of deacon. The family assigned him several servants, and the offerings were more than ten times better than before. He could get 200 gold coins every month, which is Deacon's treatment. Not only that, because Lingxiao was chosen as the successor disciple by the elder, he moved to live with Lingxiao again. Lingxiao's identity is very noble naturally. Even if the elder of the family saw Lingxiao, he should smile politely. There is no other reason. Who is the disciple of the elder? This identity can crush many people.
For this matter, the second elder returned home and smashed the most precious vase. He thought that his grandson Ling Kuang Shiyou * * could become the successor disciple of the elder. Ling Kuang has excellent conditions in all aspects. The most important thing is that Ling Kuang's own attributes are consistent with those of the elder. They are all metallic. In other words, the elder would choose Ling Kuang. Unexpectedly, elder Taishang chose Lingxiao, who has the lowest strength, as a low-level mysterious person, and still insisted on accepting Ling
Smile as an apprentice, Ling Xiao that kid seems to be very reluctant, so he is angry but helpless.
To this, all people are very puzzled, secretly sigh that this world is really unpredictable! People can only scream at Lingxiao's shit. It's so lucky.
After eating, Ling Xiao was called by the elder to go there alone.
Looking at this hidden old man, Ling Xiao was also hard to understand. Why did he choose him as his disciple? He sighed in his heart, "it's so good to see where the character comes from. Even the old man is interested in it.".
"Sir, do you have any reward for calling me?" Ling Xiao was not constrained by the identity of the supreme elder at all. He smiled casually.
Elder Taishang said with a smile, "you little guy, how many things have you robbed me in half a month? You dare to ask again, believe it or not, I'll knock your head off!".
"Haha It's just a few rotten weapons and a few bottles of small pills. Why do you always hang on your heart? Your Shifu is too stingy. "Ling smiled and rubbed his hands dry smile.
Elder Taishang's face turned green when he heard this. The second level medium level weapon and the second level elixir were actually said to be rotten weapons and small pills by this little guy. You should know that these things will cause a frenzy of scramble when they are put in the meteorite city.
"Since it's a rotten weapon and small pill, I don't mind if you bring it back to me," said the elder with a light shave.
"
"Little slippery head" the elder scolded lightly, and then Zhengrong said, "the first change is that you have made it, and the cultivation speed is not bad, but the next change will be more difficult and harder, do you have the confidence to carry it?".
There's no reason to come back from the delivery. Let's get down to business. I don't know what the old man asked me to do. " Ling smiled and quickly changed the topic.
"Ha ha, in that case, let's start the second change of cultivation," said the elder, with a sly smile.
Ling smiled and said with confidence, "of course, it's no problem. It's just a joke that I can't be a genius even if I'm just a foreigner.".
Ling smiled and said with a shrug, "don't fight like this. This exercise requires work and rest. And I'm very busy today. Let it go first.". After saying that, he took off his legs and ran out. He didn't take the great elder's Yan Wei seriously at all.
Elder Taishang looked at Lingxiao who had run away. Instead of being angry, he said to himself with a bleak smile, "let's grow up quickly. There's no more time!".
Ling Xiao naturally can't hear the sigh behind the elder.
At the moment, he had run out of the house and headed for the market.
Today, he is mainly going to buy some field tools, so that he can go to the wilderness mountains in a few days. Now he wants to go to the barren mountains not to earn gold coins, but to yearn for the spirit beast and spirit grass there. Through this period of understanding,
He is also more and more interested in the continent. He knows that some spirit grass against the sky can make bones and improve cultivation. There are also powerful spirit beasts that spew fire and spit water. If we can get a powerful spirit beast as a mount, it will be very windy!
So Ling Xiao decided to go to the wild mountains.
The two were arranged by lingcang, the patriarch of the clan. At the beginning of the second year, the patriarch and the five patriarchs strongly opposed lingcang's words that lingcang was protecting Lingxiao with the help of the tiger guards. It was clearly an attack of favoritism and so on. However, lingcang said it was the meaning of elder Taishang, and they did not dare to speak again.
Now, Ling Xiao is the key object of Ling family. Just out of the range of Ling family, two masters of xuanshijie immediately follow him to prevent Ling Xiao from happening again. Both of them are the loyal guards of the Ling family and the most powerful 24 tiger guards of the Ling family. They are called by the same title. One is tiger six and the other is tiger seven. Both of them are top ten experts of the tiger guards. They have the accomplishments of middle-level Xuanshi. They are already experts in the meteorite city.
For the tail behind him, Ling Xiao not only didn't feel bored, but also had the feeling of being a rich and powerful dandy and bullying people.
It didn't take long to buy some field supplies, and they were all finished in one hour.
After shopping, Ling Xiao was not eager to go back. He came to the hottest restaurant in the city again, weixiangju.
Last time he came out with Bai Yuxi and tasted delicious food here. It's a pity that
Weixiangju, after redecorating, business is still so hot.
To be disturbed by Luo Qingshuang's interest, he almost smashed the restaurant.
One by one, rich businessmen and noble people, the family's children, holding the beautiful girl and wearing a face full of banter, came in and out. They were not so romantic and happy.
Seeing this situation, Ling smiled and couldn't help but regretting that he didn't take the rain to spare. Now he saw other beauties holding their eyes.
"I don't believe it, my young master is so handsome and unrestrained, there is no beauty to paste." Ling Xiao shakes the Cape behind him and strides into weixiangju.
Ling Xiao didn't boast about this. He used to be very handsome. Now he has not only become a mysterious person, but also become the first one of the five changes of Vajra. The whole person's temperament has increased several times than before. He is more dignified and handsome.
When he just walked into weixiangju, he attracted a large number of Meiji's eyes, which made Ling Xiao very useful. He couldn't help but pick a thick eyebrow, which made her very happy.
The shopkeeper and waiter of weixiangju recognize Lingxiao. They were so impressed by Lingxiao last time. The genius of Lingjia can be cultivated again. I heard recently that it has become a mysterious person, and it has been accepted as the successor disciple by the elder of Lingjia. This news almost shocked the meteorite city.
The shopkeeper personally waited on Ling Xiao and went to the second floor to arrange the best position for him.
As soon as Lingxiao got up, he began to whisper downstairs
Now.
"Is that Ling Xiao of Ling's family just now? Didn't you hear that he had become a loser? How can I be so proud now.
"No, it's so good luck that salted fish can turn over.".
"Isn't it? Now people can cultivate Xuanli again. They defeated Luo Qingshuang, the daughter of Luo family, here a month ago. Recently, I heard that he was taken as the successor disciple by the elder Taishang of Ling family.".
"No, I will pay more attention to Lingxiao when I see him. Just now you saw the nurse behind him. Both of them are full of evil spirit. It's estimated that they are the twenty-four tiger guards of the Ling family.".
On the second floor, Ling Xiao sat on a soft couch covered with animal skin, feeling very comfortable.
...
"Young master Ling, what are you going to eat?" The shopkeeper greeted Ling respectfully.
"It's said that you have snake soup here. Give me three, plus ten catties of wolf meat and five catties of wine." lingxiaoda said. He also wants to enjoy the nourishing life.
"Yes, Lingxiao young master" the shopkeeper replied respectfully.
Just as the shopkeeper was about to retreat, a coquettish voice like a warbler called, "this young master is my meal!".
Ling Xiao looks in the direction of the voice and can't help being stunned!
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 031 weidaier
Ling Xiao has only one sentence in her mind: what a gorgeous creature!
This is a woman about 25 years old. She has a typical melon seed face, a bright red and sexy jade lip, a Wavy long blonde hair covering her waist, a full and fiery chest, and a slender waist full of healthy elasticity. Her feet are flat and her feet are on a soft couch, revealing her round and slender legs, and her crystal white skin is beautiful.
I saw a beautiful girl wearing a set of purple guards, who was enchanting and sexy. She looked at him with a smile. [first 520 novels]
Such a woman makes all men drool when they look at it, and the animal hair wants to push her down on the big bed.
However, if you want to go back, not many men dare to do so.
Because she has a very listening nickname called "beauty snake". All the men who want to push her down on the bed are sent to hell by her.
Weidaier, the deputy team of cold snake regiment, the second largest mercenary regiment in meteorite City, is the strength of low-level Xuanshi. Those who have reached Xuanshi level in meteorite city have been promoted to the ranks of experts. Except for a few families, almost no one dares to offend.
Without anyone's instruction, weidaier reached a low-level Xuanshi at the age of 25. Such talent is absolutely superior in the big family.
The shopkeeper obviously knew weidaier and smiled at her
"Ha ha, it's a great honor for Ling Xiaoer to go out and meet her sister. I don't respect this kind of hospitality." Ling smiled back to her mind, brushed the bangs, and made a look that she thought was the most handsome. She arched her hand to Wei Daier and said with a smile. At the moment, he complacently muttered, "it seems that I am so handsome that I can seduce such a beauty. I think I will be lucky in the future.".
"Yes, Miss Dale," she nodded.
Weidaier raised a smile of ecstasy, saying, "I've heard about the reputation of Ling family. I'm lucky to meet you today. Can I have a drink with Ling Shao?".
Ling Xiao stood up very gentlemanly and said, "since the beauty and sister asked each other, Ling Xiao dare not follow, that is the disrespect to her sister.".
When Ling Xiao was about to leave, tiger six and tiger seven stopped Ling Xiao and bowed to him and said, "please think twice, young master!".
Ling Xiao patted tiger six and tiger seven on their shoulders and said, "don't worry, you two. My sister won't bully my good brother.".
Wei dai'er was laughed at by Ling's elder sister on the left and elder sister on the right, which made her very happy. She couldn't help laughing and said, "I dare not let Ling's young master be my younger brother. I'm afraid that I will break my slave family.".
Ling Xiao went through the middle of tiger six and tiger seven, and went directly to the opposite side of Wei dai'er and sat down and said, "why don't you dare me? How old am I younger than my elder sister? Of course, I'm the younger brother of my elder sister. Isn't it because my elder sister dislikes me, Ling Xiao?".
"
How could it be that my sister can have a younger brother like you, but she can't get it. "Wei Daier '.
"Of course, but What if my sister is bullied? " Micro dai'er nodded, pointing to Yu and nodding her lower lip.
Ling smiled and squinted at Wei dai'er. He immediately clapped his chest and said, "if anyone dares to bully my sister, it's because he can't laugh with me. I will make him regret coming to the world.".
"Ha ha, you're so nice brother," Wei Daier said with a silly smile, covering her mouth. The trembling bust made the man beside her look straight. Ling Xiao, who was sitting opposite her, swallowed even more.
"Since then, you will call me my younger brother and I will call you elder sister. If someone bullies my younger brother in the future, elder sister, you have to help me!" Ling laughed and joked. He used to be a philanderer. Nowadays, such a beautiful woman is in front of him. Naturally, he has to be bold.
At this time, the waiter has come up with Ling Xiaodian's snake soup, wolf meat and good wine.
At first, tiger six and tiger seven refused to eat together with Ling Xiao. Ling Xiao had to ask them to sit down and enjoy.
Ling Xiao asked the waiter to take half of it to the table of tiger six and tiger seven and let them sit down to eat together.
"Two big brothers are really too rotten," Ling smiled and took a sip of wine, shaking her head at weidaier and sighed.
Although tiger six and tiger seven are the guardians of Ling's family, Ling Xiao doesn't think of them as brothers who have both good and bad, but it's OK to sit down together and drink and eat meat.
Thinking of this, a rough roar came from downstairs: "weidaier, you stinky framed son, roll down for me, or I will kill you in the street.".
The roar spread to weixiangju instantly.
Wei dai'er, who was drinking with Ling Xiao, blushed instantly, but she was still holding back her anger. She said to Ling, "brother, someone is abusing your sister in the street. What should I do?".
At this point, micro Daier couldn't help but look at Ling Xiaogao for a minute, and she said to herself, "it seems that the Ling family's talent shelf is not very big! But... ".
Those who don't know weidaier still think that she is a weak woman who has no strength to bear the power of a chicken. She looks sad and heartbreaking.
At this time, Ling Xiao finally realized why Wei dai'er wanted to treat her. It seems that the idea of drunkenness is not to drink!
However, Ling Xiao doesn't care about being used at all. In his opinion, only a handsome man like him is qualified to protect such a beautiful woman. It's also a good idea to seize her heart.
Ling Xiao chuckled, not answering Wei dai'er's words, but shouted loudly, "where come the mountain village savage, dare to speak disrespectfully to my sister, there is a kind of it. I young man castrated you and sent you to feed the beast.".
In a moment, there was a rush of footsteps coming from the stairs, and the figures of five people appeared one after another.
The five people are all of a rash nature. A strong killing spirit emanates from strong muscles. The ferocious wounds on their arms are frightening.
The leader is the most tall and strong man. The bald head on the top is engraved with a ferocious and terrible wolf head. The wolf head shows deep and fierce tusks, which is extremely frightening. He is the black wolf, the deputy head of the Blue Wolf regiment, the largest mercenary regiment in meteorite city.
Black wolf, thirty-three years old, is the same strength as weidaier, but he has been a low-level Xuanshi for many years. After many years of hunting animals in the wild mountains, he has reached the peak of the low-level Xuanshi. If he had not been a little lower in comprehension, he would have become a middle-level Xuanshi.
It was the black wolf himself who was just drinking downstairs.
The black wolf glanced at Ling Xiao, and then he could see that Ling Xiao was just the cultivation of a low-level mysterious man. Then he ignored Ling Xiao directly, turned to look at Wei dai'er and said coldly, "Wei dai'er, hand in things quickly and wisely, or I will not only kill you, but also you cold snake group will disappear from the meteorite city.".
"It's a big tone. Maybe I'm afraid of the green Wolf here, but you black wolf doesn't have the ability." Wei Daier looked at the black wolf, and her beautiful eyes flashed through the strong killing airway.
"Hum, do you have the ability to let you know now?" the black wolf snorted coldly and drew out the mace behind him, which was ferocious
The ferocious steel spike is full of murderous opportunities.
"Hey, who are you disgusting uncle? Didn't you hear me? I dare to bully my sister, you want to die, right? "Ling said lazily, tearing a piece of wolf meat and throwing it into his mouth.
The black wolf showed a black line on his forehead, glared at Ling with a smile, then laughed loudly and said, "ha ha, what kind of man do I think you 'beauty snake' like? I used to beg for this weak lover of Confucianism. A little mysterious man dare to be crazy in front of Laozi. Believe it or not, a finger of Laozi can crush you to death.".
This words just came out, the tiger six, tiger seven want to stand up and start, but they saw Ling Xiao quietly to them, but they can only bear the impulse.
Wei Daier naturally knows that Ling Xiao's strength is low, but she only relies on Ling Xiao's identity and the strength of the two guards behind him.
"Younger brother, you see this person is so annoying that elder sister has no idea to drink and talk with you." said weidaier, as if she had been wronged greatly, with sexy jade lips.
Ling Xiao chuckled, then stood up, shook his cape, glared at the black wolf with awe. A light blue long sword was pulled out from behind. The sword pointed at the black wolf. The sword was so powerful that he was in charge.
"Get out of here now,
The black wolf didn't take Ling Xiao's little action, but focused all his attention on Wei dai'er.
Otherwise, each person will leave a hand, "Ling said with a smile.
After hearing this, the black wolf laughed again and said, "ha ha, this is the funniest joke I've ever heard. Do you know who I am? I'm the black wolf, deputy head of the green Wolf regiment. Have you heard of it? If you don't get out now, I'll kill you immediately.".
In addition to the fact that the black wolf is a low-level Xuanshi, there are two high-level Xuanshi and two middle-level Xuanshi behind him. Ling Xiao has only the strength of the low-level Xuanshi. He dare to talk to them like this, which is beyond his control in the eyes of others.
Wei Daier can't help but despise Ling and smile, but she's not in a hurry. Anyway, those two guards will come out sooner or later, and it's absolutely easy for her to get away.
Ling Xiao is excellent in both cultivation and understanding, but he knows that these two points are not enough. The fastest way to enhance his strength is always to support the war. Only through the fight can he make himself stronger faster. This is also the main reason why his youth has become a generation of super experts in his previous life.
Today, he took these five people as training hands and captured the beauty's heart. Isn't that killing two birds with one stone
"You can try to kill me," Ling sneered. It's a very dignified and proud thing to be able to show off in front of the beauty. He can't miss it. Although the other side has the strength of xuanshijie, he can't fight in the first place. Besides, if he wants to win the top strength, he must have the confidence to go forward. Only by breaking all the shackles can he achieve the reputation of one side.
?
I'm afraid that the most depressed one is the shopkeeper of weixiangju. He secretly scolds the master Ling's family for fighting every time he comes. What a super plague! If you let him come here a few more times, I'm afraid that his Xiangju will be removed from meteorite city.
"Since you're going to die, you'll be all right. Tang Mu will go up and kill this boy," said the black wolf impatiently to a man beside him.
"It's the deputy commander" Tang Mu's man came out from the black wolf and answered. He was one of the two middle-level Xuans.
"Come on, I will let you know that you will lose your life if you offend me," said Ling with a sneer and a hook to the black wolf.
Seeing that Ling Xiao really wanted to fight, and the two guards didn't mean to fight, Wei dai'er couldn't help but anxiously said to Ling, "brother, you're not his opponent, so you'd better give your sister to them.".
Weidaier's words are nothing more than forcing Ling to smile and let the guard do it.
"Son of a bitch, you go to die." when Tang Mu saw Ling Xiao's distraction, it was the time to kill people. He took a big drink and cut a heavy knife at Ling Xiao.
New year's Day is the first to be more popular? ~ ~
520 Novels
"Elder sister, don't worry, such a small role can't hurt the younger brother at all. Let's see how the younger brother kills them." Ling smiled and threw a very arrogant smile at weidaier.
]
Chapter 032 Ling Xiao shows off his power
Tang Mu's heavy Dao came quickly, but in an instant it reached Ling Xiao's head. [first 520 novels]
Weidaier on one side couldn't help exclaiming "be careful!" She had put her hand on the thin sword at her waist and was ready to move. Although she is using Ling Xiao, she doesn't want Ling Xiao to have a real accident for her. Otherwise, the Ling family will definitely let their cold snake mercenary group disappear in the meteorite city.
"Hum, dare to attack me less, you want to die." although Ling Xiao is facing Wei Daier, he has been on guard for a long time. He seems to be a very conceited Lord, but actually he is a lord who never despises any enemy.
When the heavy knife came, Ling Xiao waved the light blue sword in his hand and directly met the heavy knife.
"Jingle".
The swords are interlaced, making a crash.
"It's really scrap iron" Lingxiao looks at Tang Mu's half heavy knife in his hand. He can't help but smile smugly, and then kicks it out quickly.
Tang Mu is still staring at the first-order heavy knife with only half of it in his hand. Leng Xiao kicks him in the pants.
"Oh!" Tangmu screams, breaks his knife and throws it away, holding his lifeblood and jumping in place.
"Die for me." Ling smiled and flashed his fierce eyes. With a light blue sword in his hand, his head fell to the ground and his blood splashed
On the spot.
Tang Mu was cut down by Ling Xiao at the sword just in a fight.
Everyone was stunned!
Wei dai'er didn't expect that the young master Ling family, who seemed to be just an adult, was such a tough character. She killed one person in a second. She felt a little timid in her heart.
"I can kill Tangmu. It seems that you have a second-order sword in your hand. I'll make it." black wolf was surprised at first, then coldly glanced at Tangmu's corpse and said to Ling with a smile.
These mercenary group members who lick knives have been used to life and death for a long time. Besides, Tang Mu is only a small role. He is not sad about his dead black wolf, but greedy for Lingxiao's sword.
Ling Xiao plays with the light blue crystal long sword and says to the black wolf, "want this sword? I'm afraid you'll die. The sword in Ling Xiao's hand is called "Blue Crystal sword". It's the second level medium level sword that he harvested from the elder Taishang.
"Tangshui, don't go out to revenge for your brother yet." as a Xuanshi, black wolf naturally won't easily fight. He immediately shouted to a man who is similar to Tangmu.
Tangshui, the eldest brother of Tangmu, is more powerful than his younger brother. He is a high-level mysterious man. He has a pair of cold weapons with sickles in his hand. His bloodthirsty fangs are frightening.
There is no nonsense in Tangshui. He drinks "take my brother's life". The double hook turns into a half moon arc with a sharp spirit
Ling laughs and cuts.
From this momentum alone, it is more than twice as strong as Tangmu.
The black wolf's eyesight is extraordinary. At a glance, he sees through Ling Xiao and hides. He can't help but remind him to "be careful behind him".
"Hey, hurry to see your brother, don't worry, you'll meet in hell next moment." Ling chuckled and sneered. He stepped on the "cloud trace phantom" at his feet. The original shadow was cut by Tang Shui's double hook.
Lingxiao's single sword block was shaken back a few steps, but the sickle hook of Tangshui was also missing. It can be seen that Lingxiao's blue crystal sword is much higher than Tangshui's sickle hook.
Tangshui's reaction is also much faster than Tangmu's, and he doesn't return his head. With a hook in his backhand, he goes to Ling Xiao behind him.
The black wolf's voice fell, and the two men behind him immediately rushed to Ling with weapons.
The black wolf's eyes were even redder, and he immediately shouted to the two people behind him who didn't make a move. "You can do it together. Don't waste time killing this kid.".
At the moment, micro dai'er frowned for a moment, and looked at the two guards not far away. She said anxiously, "how can I not do it?".
In fact, tiger six and tiger seven have long wanted to make a move. However, he Ling has long ordered them not to make a move with the mil sound transmission skill, unless he is faced with the threat of life and death.
They had no choice but to be on guard and ready to fight. Although they knew that Ling Xiao had defeated Ling Xing, a high-level mysterious man, with one man's strength, they
Facing the siege of two high-level Xuans and one middle-level Xuans, even the high-level Xuans will fall, let alone Lingxiao is just a low-level Xuans.
However, Lingxiao has his own plan, wonderful footwork and previous combat experience. Although there is a big gap in strength, he is not afraid of it!
"Come on, let's have a good fight today." Ling Xiao raised a strong sense of war in vain. His momentum reached the peak of the low-level xuanzhe. After this war, he was sure to break through the middle-level xuanzhe. This war is a rare opportunity. How could he let it go.
"Sword leaves a mark"!
Ling Xiao used the "bullying" sword move for the second time, and countless swords sent out a deep chill, attacking the three people.
"What a strong move. Is it green sword technique?" Black Wolf and micro Daier are both shocked by Ling Xiao's move.
Countless swords split the surrounding tables and chairs. This time it's twice as powerful as the last one.
Faced with a powerful sword move, the three members of the green Wolf regiment fought together. Tangshui and another high-level xuanzhe barely blocked the deadly key. The middle level xuanzhe was not so lucky. He was directly stabbed in the throat by the sword and killed on the spot.
Those two high-level mystics are also not easy. Although they have blocked all the vital swords, their clothes are cut in many places, and the rough skin flows out a trickle of blood, which looks very embarrassed.
"I killed you" don
The water glared round. Once upon a time, he was so embarrassed by a low-level xuanzhe, and so was another high-level xuanzhe.
They don't pay attention to their body pain. This pain doesn't make them stage fright. They are all people who live by licking knives. They are not afraid to die. Are they afraid of this pain?
One dances with a sickle hook, the other dances with a long sword and kills from two different angles.
After Lingxiao's move, the meridians in the body only appear a burst of pain, which is not backfired like the last time. With the improvement of the realm, the power is stronger.
"Wearing cloud and wearing moon" Ling chuckles and drinks, and the Cape behind finally comes into use, which is the second move of cloud palm.
The cloak, like a curtain of heaven, covers the high-level mysterious man with the sword and makes him lose his goal for a short time.
Next moment, Ling Xiaomai steps behind him, and the blue crystal sword stabs him in the back like a poisonous snake.
"Er dare" the black wolf was angry at last. He gave a big drink and smashed his mace at Ling with a smile. The middle-level xuanzhe can be recruited again after losing, but the high-level xuanzhe is not so easy to find. He is not willing to let the team's strength drop for such a boy.
The mace hasn't hit Ling Xiao yet, but Ling Xiao's sword has pierced the body of the high-level mysterious man silently.
"Black wolf, your opponent is me." seeing that the two guards still haven't made moves, weidaier stamped her feet, and her thin sword towards the black wolf
Stab.
"Jingle".
The strength of weidaier and black wolf is not far from each other. As soon as they meet, a spark bursts out.
Tang Shui has returned to his mind, but he has found that another one of his companions has died. A chill has gradually spread all over his body. Damn it, is this really a low-level mystic?
He was afraid that in the face of real life and death, the meaning of death was enough to destroy anyone's will.
Ling Xiaozheng is addicted to killing. He licks his tongue and ignores the fight between two Xuanshi. He sneers at Tang Shuidao and says, "I'll take you to see your brother now.".
It's impossible to escape. Tang Shuihuo went out and shouted, "I'll fight with you!".
That pair of sickles turned into countless shadows and smashed at Ling Xiao. This move was his strongest one. He didn't want to kill the enemy, but only wanted to force Ling Xiao back to have a trace of vitality.
Lingxiao is not as good as Tangshui in strength, so he will not be so stupid as to force him to fight. He just relies on the wonderful steps. Every time he dodges a fatal blow, the blue crystal sword in his hand is lighter than the heavy one, which makes the double sickles and hooks of Tangshui bump into a gap one by one.
There was time and weapons in Tangshui. At the end of Xuanli's exertion, he wanted to rush to the window and try to escape at this moment.
"Let you escape, isn't that humiliating me in front of my sister?" Ling laughs and sneers. The blue crystal sword in his hand cuts out countless swords again. He is about to flee to the window of Tangshui.
"Boom"!
Dun time, the window was blown into a big hole, even the Tang water was blown out.
Ling Xiao doesn't even look at it. He can be sure that Tang Shui can't die anymore.
He focused on the black wolf and weidaier who were still struggling.
The fight between the two men was obviously much more exciting. The yellow and red light entangled and destroyed the tables and chairs in the tavern into countless sawdust.
The black wolf is a native warrior. Every time he wields a stick, it will shine with a light yellow light. It looks very heavy. There is no doubt that he is brave enough to kill.
Weidaier belongs to the fire attribute. Her thin sword always radiates red air. However, her strength is inferior to that of black wolf and she is forced to walk in danger by black wolf.
"Xuanshijie is really extraordinary." Ling smiled and squinted at the fight. He didn't mean to fight at all. At the same time, he occasionally glanced at weidaier's full breast beating. It was really enjoyable.
At this moment, tiger six and tiger seven have been protecting Ling Xiao. For the first time, they respect Ling Xiao. Both of them are middle-level Xuanshi. They are absolutely loyal guardians trained by the Ling family. Generally, they only follow the command of the clan leader. Now they are allowed to guard a Ling family teenager. They are somewhat upset. But after seeing Ling Xiao's combat effectiveness, they know that Ling family genius can't use the usual theory. No wonder the elder looks at him differently.
"Good brother, return
Xuanshi's level Xuanli can be put out and use its own attributes to form a move. The power is not known how many times stronger than the sword skill that Lingxing and Lingli forced out on the family test.
Chapter 033 kill the black wolf
Like a real fire snake, it seems to have spirituality. It bites at the black wolf with its mouth wide open. Its red body burns all around it. [first 520 novels]
This is the equal level difference between xuanshijie and xuanzhijie.
"Hum, small skills of carving insects" facing such a strong move, the black wolf was still not afraid of it. He saw that the tawny halo of the mace in his hand was more intense. Then he swung it out, and a yellow hyena came out quickly.
Boom
Strong move to boom, send out a burst of detonation sound, the floor of Wei Xiangju is blown into a hole.
The black wolf took the opportunity to smash up again with a mace, and Wei dai'er quickly greeted him with a sword. He was more experienced in how to bear the black wolf's war experience, and soon pressed Wei dai'er to fight.
At this moment, the black wolf smashed the fine sword of weidaier. Weidaier's flaws were exposed, and the black wolf was fierce. He gathered all his strength and shouted, "defeat me.".
The mace, like a hammer of a thousand kilograms, smashed heavily from top to bottom towards the front door of weidaier.
Wei dai'er can't defend back. She is only seriously injured.
"No way to hurt my sister"
I didn't come to help my sister "Wei Daier's purple clothes were cut several places by the black wolf's mace. I nearly got a smash just now. I had to ask Ling Xiao for help.
"Good sister, I look after you. How can that disgusting uncle be your opponent?" Ling Xiao is not in a hurry, but has been watching the fierce battle between the two. It is very helpful for him to break through xuanshijie in the future. Moreover, the body of weidaier in the field is so fascinating that he is reluctant to end the beautiful scenery in front of him.
Wei Daier is so angry! She thought that the flower had fallen to the top of her mind, but she didn't do it at the moment. She didn't have the chance to be distracted now. She had a fine sword in her hand and a big fire in her hand. She said "fire snake entangled!".
Finally use the Xuanshi level's Xuanli to strengthen the move!
[first 520 novels]
Lingxiao grabs the best chance of sneaking attack and stabs at the back of black wolf like a snake.
If the black wolf doesn't come back, he will die.
Black wolf secretly scolds a "insidious villain" in his heart. He leans and turns his back to smash his mace to Ling Xiao.
"Jingle".
Dun time, Ling Xiao was smashed back several steps, holding the arm of the blue crystal sword was shaken.
"So strong anti earthquake force" Lingxiao immediately got lucky and Xuanli counteracted the pain. For the first time, he felt that the gap between equal orders was really too big.
"Good brother, you really want your sister to die!" Micro dai'er takes the opportunity to retreat to Ling Xiao's side. After a fight, her Xuanli was exhausted, her breath was short, her chest was up and down, which made her eyes smile,
Micro Daier found Ling Xiao's eyes were different, only to find that this guy was looking at his sexy place, slightly on one side of his body, and once again said, "good brother, where are your eyes looking?".
"Where I look around, I'll see if my sister is hurt." Ling smiled and touched his nose.
"Hum, a good pair of dog men and women, I'll send you on the road today." black wolf's face turned blue and snorted, then came again with a mace.
"It's time for you to let go. I won't play anymore." Lingxiao returns to the scabbard and finally gives orders to tiger six and tiger seven.
"It's the young master" two people should have a cry and plunder at the same time
To the black wolf.
At this time, the black wolf noticed that there was no movement between them. They were so fast that he could not see them clearly. Suddenly, an ominous omen came.
"No, it's an expert." the black wolf didn't pay attention to tiger six and tiger seven. He didn't expect that these two talents were real experts. When he noticed, he would run away.
It's a pity that tiger six and tiger seven are both a little higher than him in strength. At the same time, how can they make him escape.
I saw two people flicking their swords at the same time, and two sword Qi like the moon were cutting towards the black wolf.
"Boom".
The black wolf, like a dead dog, was smashed on the wall. Two scars on his bones were exposed behind him, and blood flowed down.
"Ah"
"Who are you?" The black wolf looked at Ling and asked with a smile. He's so regretful now. He thought that the other side was just a low-level warrior and didn't pay attention to it. But his own people died in such a low-level warrior. What's more, he didn't expect that the two guards of the other side were so powerful, at least they were all middle-level Xuanshi. Is it because weidaier is such a coquette? The goods are attached to the big family?
"Hey, I don't even know who it is. You're lucky to be in meteorite City," Ling said with a light smile. Then he smiled at weidaier and said, "good sister, what do you say to this man?".
Weidaier signs for a moment, then frowns slightly to the black wolf way
The black wolf's face darkened for a while, and then nodded, "OK, you let me go, that's all.". If a hero doesn't suffer from the immediate loss, it's important to protect his life first. Sooner or later, he will get back what he has lost.
"Black wolf, today I will let you die. How about you stop fighting and paying attention to the things in my hand?".
"I hope you don't contradict me. Let's go," said weidaier faintly.
The black wolf stood up difficultly, looked at several people at the scene complicatedly, and then turned to leave.
All of a sudden, Ling Xiao suddenly put out his hand and fell with his sword.
Puff!
Suddenly, the black wolf was split into two parts without any reaction. He still didn't understand how it was until he died.
"You!" Wei dai'er can't imagine Ling Xiao would suddenly kill the black wolf. Isn't it up to her to decide?
"Good sister, I'm here for you. I know that this man is a liar at first sight. You just let him go back to the mountain and let him go. You're still the one who will lose in the future," Ling explained with a light smile.
Wei dai'er gets angry immediately. This time, she has grown up with the green Wolf regiment. The purpose of releasing the black wolf is not to tear her face away from the green Wolf regiment. On the battle effectiveness, their cold snake regiment is not as good as the green Wolf regiment. If they really want to fight, they have to die. Now the black wolf is dead, forming an immortal situation with the green Wolf regiment, because the black wolf is the brother-in-law of the green Wolf regiment leader Brother, green Wolf is a famous escort.
No
After that, she also thought Ling Xiao's words were reasonable. She let the black wolf go back. It's not sure that the black wolf would obey chengluo. Their green Wolf mercenary group is famous for its ruthlessness. They often kill people and cross goods in the wild mountains.
"What's the trouble of elder sister? Why don't you say it and let me give you trouble to solve it?" Ling Xiao approaches and smells the unique woman fragrance of weidaier, which makes her feel relaxed and happy.
"Ah" Wei dai'er sighed softly. For the sake of "that thing", she didn't know whether it was worth it or not.
No matter in this life or in the past, he likes mature women very much. He always thinks that such women are the most attractive and the most powerful when they are conquered.
"It's OK. Thank you for your brother today, and then my sister will invite you to drink again." weidaier said coldly, leaving a little distance from Lingxiao, saying that she would leave.
"Elder sister left like this, it seems that it's too much to say," said Ling Xiao playfully. He secretly paid in his heart, and wanted to leave after using me. It's too fast to cross the river and demolish the bridge!
Micro Daier looks at Ling with some vigilance and smiles. Then she says with a smile, "my elder sister is really going to leave when she has something urgent. Would you like to play with my younger brother next time?".
"Ha ha, my elder sister still treats me as a three-year-old child. It's too hard to say that you are so irresponsible to leave," said Ling Xiao, spreading his hands.
"What do you want to do, my good brother?" said weidaier, with a charming expression, throwing a wink at Ling
。
Looking at Wei dai'er's expression, Ling smiled and felt hot. She almost fell over the top of her mind. Fortunately, at this time, the three points of her energy turned on automatically, which made him wake up. She couldn't help crying, damn, this woman knows Mei Gong?
In fact, Ling Xiao really misunderstands Wei Daier. It's not that she understands Mei Gong, it's just that she's born to be coquettish. As long as she shows a little seduction and confusion, it's easy to confuse the man with poor self-control.
"Sister, what should you say before you leave?" Ling Xiao still said.
"Don't you Does the younger brother want to eat the elder sister? " Weidaier said very wrongly.
"What kind of person do you think of as your younger brother? We are honest and upright. If you want to eat, you can eat it when you want your younger brother!" Ling said with a big smile.
Wei dai'er gave a poo in her heart. She thought Ling Xiao was a young family who didn't understand the world, but she was so slick.
"In this case, would you like to wait for my sister to accompany my brother next time? If my brother really likes my sister, my sister Let you have a bite. "Weidaier tries to lure Ling to laugh, which is convenient for her to get away.
"How can I eat enough? I need at least ten thousand. No It should be to eat for a lifetime, who calls elder sister you so fragrant? "Ling Xiao seems to be very useful to tease her.
"Brother, you are greedy. Elder sister left first. I'll see you next time." weidaier throws a smile at Ling
Remember to wink and turn around to take the opportunity to leave.
However, tiger six and tiger seven block her first.
"What do you want?" Weidaier said angrily.
"Elder sister doesn't have to be angry, younger brother doesn't mean anything, just want to see what's worth these people's fighting against you." Lingxiao found a chair that hasn't been destroyed and sat down.
"You!" Wei dai'er is angry. The wolf is the forerunner, but later the tiger. I didn't expect that the boy would threaten her in turn.
"Why, isn't sister willing?" Ling asked, and then said, "in this case, I don't mind searching my elder sister's body for my younger brother.".
As soon as the words fell, weidaier's face changed and she said, "I'll show you." then she took a small bag from her waist and smiled at Ling and went back. "This is what they are looking for.".
Ling smiled and untied the bag to reveal a delicate brocade box inside. After opening the brocade box, he saw a fist sized red fruit in front of him.
"Now let me go," said weidaier angrily. She doesn't have to continue to play with Ling Xiao.
"Ha ha, it seems that my sister still wants me to search your body." Ling Xiao suddenly stood up and walked towards weidaier.
"What do you want to do? I have given you something. Don't you want to let me go?" She said nervously.
"Elder sister, I searched myself." Ling Xiao came to weidaier and whispered.
"Ah, don't" Wei dai'er just lost her mind and was startled by Ling Xiao's words. Then she put her hands into her arms and took out another thing.
"Take it!" Wei Daier reluctantly throws something to Ling Xiao.
Ling Xiao took over the thing, first smelled it with his nose and said, "it's really fragrant.".
Micro dai'er can't help blushing slightly. Just this thing was put in her arms. Now the smell of being laughed by Ling is like being laughed lightly to her private place. It makes her feel like she wants to find a place to meet the diamond.
Ling Xiao opens the thing in his hand. It's a rag. There's actually a road map on the rag. There are various indicators in the road map.
Ling Xiao asked lightly, "what is this? Treasure map? ".
The most recent update is slow. We recommend it first. We should speed up the process of fatting.
[first 520 novels]
Hearing Ling Xiao's words, Wei dai'er finally shows her anxiety.
"Hum, good sister, a second-order middle-level red fruit is worth a lot of money, but it doesn't make people work hard. Don't think I'm fooling my brother!" Ling smiled and snorted.
Chapter 034 you can't beat him
Wei Daier knows that Ling can't be fooled any more, so most of what she said is true.
Weidaier nuzui, said quietly, "this is a map of a secret place in the barren mountains. It was drawn by the leader of a detachment of the green Wolf regiment. They mistakenly entered a dangerous place. It is said that there is a powerful spirit beast with at least three levels guarding it. All 50 of them died in the spirit beast's claw. At last, the leader escaped by virtue of his own wind attribute. He drew this place The picture finally fell into my hands. [first 520 novels]
"Secret place?" Ling Xiao was shocked and suddenly realized that he had seen a lot of knowledge about the mainland in the library of Ling's inner courtyard, and understood the meaning of the word.
The secret place refers to the place where the strong and powerful martial artists sit, where they will keep all their life savings, including mysterious skills, weapons, pills and even life-long inheritance.
The first three items have made a lot of people crazy, but the last one is just the dream of anyone.
Think of here, Ling Xiao all some heart.
No matter it's dark skills, weapons and elixir Ling Xiao, it's not too much. As for inheritance, it's optional. Anyway, he is a person who has passed through the past. With the memory and inheritance of the past, as long as he returns to the level of the past, he is also a super expert.
Lingxiao glances at the line on the rag again, writes down the general line forcibly, then throws the rag back to weidaier and says, "the gentleman doesn't take advantage of others, but he gives it back to you. Looking at the elder sister's eyes, he really treats me as your father and enemy. Alas, I just came out for you. Now in this world, it's hard for good people to do!".
Wei dai'er grabs the rags and stares at Ling Xiao. She can't believe that the Lings are not interested in the map of the secret place. It's the existence of the secret place. Even the chiefs of the families will be moved here. Doesn't he know what the secret place is?
"Good elder sister, don't stare at my brother so much, he will be shy." Ling smiled and said with a little ruddy face.
Wei dai'er gave a poo in her heart, and then brought the rags into her arms again.
"Well, my brother is going home. I hope to see you next time. My sister remembers the treat." Ling Xiao waved and took tiger six and tiger seven downstairs.
Micro dai'er looks at Ling Xiao's natural figure and loses her mind slightly. It seems that something in her heart has been touched. Then she thinks of something. She escapes to the window and shouts to Ling Xiao, who has already arrived downstairs, "bastard, give me chizhuguo.".
"Good elder sister, this should be a gift for my younger brother." Ling smiled and didn't wave back.
"Bastard" weidaier stamped her feet and shouted, then jumped downstairs and left in the other direction.
...
Half an hour later, in front of Weixiang's house, there appeared a group of big men on handsome horses. There were nearly 100 people, all of whom were vicious. Ordinary people hurried to hide in the house when they saw it.
Several men jumped out of the horse and ran quickly to the damaged weixiangju. After a while, a man ran out and came to the most majestic low-level fiery horse. He said to the strong man riding on the horse wearing a set of blue guards, "report to the team, deputy team He's dead.
"What, tell me clearly" the man at once shouted without anger.
"The deputy team is dead.".
The man on the horse of "bastard" had a big drink, then he stepped on the horse's back with his feet, like an eagle spreading its wings, and jumped up to the second floor of weixiangju.
This man is the head of the green Wolf mercenary regiment, the elder brother of black wolf. He has the high-level terrorist strength of Xuanshi. He is also a top ranked expert in meteorite city. His mercenary regiment has a scale of more than 500 people. No one dares to provoke the green Wolf mercenary regiment except the big family in meteorite city.
Green wolf looks at black wolf's appearance of death. His fists are tightly clenched. There is a "pa pa" sound between his fingers and bones. He looks up and roars, "Wei Daier, you are so coquettish. Goods, I must make sure that your cold snake group disappears from the meteorite city.".
...
In the inner court of Ling's family, under the secret room of the second elder Ling Mo, the fifth elder is in secret with him.
"Can you wait like this, elder brother?" Five elders sit aside and face two gloomily
"What do you want?" The second elder tasted a sip of tea and asked lightly.
Said the elder.
"According to my meaning, we should kill the Wuweizi quickly," said the five elders with fierce eyes.
"Well, don't I want to? Now there is Huwei to protect him. Besides, the old man is very kind to him. How can he be allowed to have an accident? In case of self defeating, everything we have done before will be ruined. "The second elder said angrily. After a pause, he said again," bear it again. When the big families have a competition, I will take back everything I have lost. ".
The five elders took a look at the two elders, then sighed heavily and stopped talking.
In fact, he also knew what his elder brother said well, but he really didn't want to see the rabbit grow up. When he thought about it, he thought that the boy would become their nightmare in the future. If he didn't get rid of it as soon as possible, his heart couldn't settle down.
"Well, you don't have to worry about it. Hurry to urge the old man to refine the medicine. We have only one year. He needs everything to satisfy him as much as possible," said the second elder.
"It's big brother.".
...
Ling Xiao gets the second-order red fruit from Wei Daier and goes home happily.
Along the way, he was feeling that this red fruit is a good thing!
Ling Xiao has already remembered lingcaolu. When
The first time I saw it, I recognized it. This scarlet fruit has the effect of increasing Xuanli and purity of fire attribute to the warrior of fire attribute. It is also a common fruit for refining pills. If you sell it, you can sell thousands of gold coins at least. Its value is no less than that of the second level medium level weapon.
Red Zhu fruit may not be useful to Lingxiao today, but this kind of fruit has many hands. If you can't sell it, you can also make a small fortune. It's a price for weidaier to use.
After going back, Ling Xiao put the red Zhuguo and other things collected from the elder, and then began to cultivate Xuanli.
Today, after World War I, Xuanli, who had been accumulating for many days, began to change. He realized that his Xuanli was enough to break through to the middle level xuanzhe.
The higher the level of any cultivator's breakthrough, the more strength he needs, and the speed of advancement will slow down. Although Lingxiao is in the vertical position, it's not as simple as breaking through the martial apprentice level.
Ling Xiao meditates and settles down, and the body begins to move three parts to the first stage of Yuanqi, which is called "knot yuan".
There are three levels in each level. The first level is "forming elements", the second level is "transforming crystals", and the third level is "Nihility".
The first stage of "Jieyuan" is divided into three layers: Qi absorption, vein extension and broad acupoints.
Lingxiao is now using the internal force of cloud dispelling power, wind power and frost Qi to guide three different internal forces into three points of vitality, which is the opposite
This is also the first level of Qi absorption.
It turns out that Lingxiao can refine Xuanli and become xuanzhe by opening up the twelve channels. Now, cultivating and absorbing Qi is more beneficial for him to accumulate Xuanli and facilitate breakthrough.
Three kinds of internal force guide each other into the body. The color on Ling's smiling face which can't be seen from time to time seems extremely strange.
After two hours of meditation, Lingxiao's body was covered with a faint white fog, and the Xuanli in his body had reached the checkpoint.
At the moment, when is it better not to break through!
Ling Xiao speeds up the speed of Xuanli. The group of Xuanli surges like a wave, and the most important one is to attack the checkpoint.
Boom!
All Xuanli concentrated in one place, and finally broke through the barrier under repeated impact. Xuanli began to moisten all the limbs and viscera.
Ling Xiao only felt that the whole body was very comfortable, and the strength of the whole body was growing doubly. The whole person was more energetic than before.
"It's really too slow for the middle-level xuanzhe to arrive at last." Ling Xiao wiped his sweat, chuckled, and then complained to himself.
If he is heard, he will drown if he spits. Damn it, this kind of breakthrough speed is too slow. Others don't hit the wall together.
It will take at least one or two years for martial artists to break through from the low level to the middle level, which is good talent
It's possible that those who are not gifted can break through in three or five years, and those who are not gifted can't even break through in a lifetime.
This is a set of powerful internal mental skill. In addition, his talent is amazing, and he tries hard to cultivate. The three are one. Of course, the cultivation is several times or even dozens of times that of ordinary people. Such speed is comparable to the existence of evil.
If this changes to other people, they will be happy every day. This guy still dislikes it and doesn't cause mutual anger.
A night without words, the East is getting white.
In the early morning, Ling Zhan ran to the courtyard and laughed wildly.
"Brother Zhan, don't laugh so loudly. It's so noisy that Xiaoer is asleep." mengxiyun said happily when he looked at her husband.
"Dad, what's your mother happy about? Eh, Dad, you have become a mysterious person. "Lingxiao came out of the room, asked and looked at his father again. Then he knew why his father was so happy.
"Yes, son, father and dad have become xuanzhe again, ha ha." lingzhan is like a child who has got candy, he keeps laughing.
"Yes, today we have a good drink, but now you have to do two moves with me." lingzhan answered, and then waved a fist to Lingxiao.
"Congratulations to Dad, it seems that we can add some more dishes today," said Ling Xiao happily for Ling Zhan.
"Don't blame your son for humiliating you if you lose." Lingxiao's reaction was very quick. Before lingzhan attacked, he retreated.
"We're on the same level. Although you're a month ahead of me, dad doesn't have to lose to you," said Ling Zhan with full enthusiasm. He had reached the peak of Xuanshi, and his fighting experience and skills were still there. He thought he would not lose to his son.
"In this case, then come on, let your mother prove it." Ling smiled with a winning smile. Even if he is just a low-level Xuanshi, he is sure to defeat the current lingzhan, let alone he has become a middle-level Xuanshi. His strength is much more powerful than that of the general high-level Xuanshi. Even if he wants to protect the life of the upper Xuanshi, it is not a problem.
"Dare to look down on your father, see the move." lingzhan pounced again. This fist is faster and fiercer than before.
How can Ling Xiao give his old man some face? Instead of putting him down directly, he's fighting with his old man.
Fists and feet crisscross, making a sound.
Ling Zhan stopped his fist and said with great dissatisfaction, "you are a good boy, I can't beat you.".
One side of the dream Xi cloud is more and more gratified to see, their family is finally no longer waste.
"Haha, you're not bad dad, and your son can't beat you." Lingxiao didn't want to fight against his old man, almost all of them were draining water.
The two men spent half an hour fighting empty handed.
"Well, that's all for today. I'll be able to defeat you after I recover for a few days."
Lingzhan said confidently.
"You can't beat him," a hoarse voice must have said not far away.
[first 520 novels]
"The elder of the Supreme Master (the old master)" they all said respectfully to the visitor. [first 520 novels]
It's the supreme elder who came here. Seeing Ling laughing and holding the beard, he said happily, "yes, he can break through a small rank so quickly. It seems that he may become a high-level xuanzhe before the family competition.".
Ling Zhan looked at his son and said, "son, you Are you already a middle-level cultivator.
Ling smiled, smiled and nodded. He admitted. Then he said to his mother, "Mom, please tell the servants to prepare the meal. Today, let's have a good drink.".
The dream Xi cloud smiled happily and white rain Xi retreated together.
"You boy, you know how to release water to your father," said Ling Zhan, patting Ling and laughing on the shoulder. While he was happy for Ling, he also told himself to work harder and not lose to his son.
Soon, all the people had eaten, while Ling Zhan had a good drink and was drunk in his wife's arms. After more than ten years, he finally regained xuanzhe's strength, which made him feel a little untrue. All these were brought to him by his son. He was really grateful to his son.
"Where shall we go, old man?" Ling Xiao was called out by the elder, but he didn't know where the elder would take him.
"You know when you get to the ground" is too long
Chapter 035 abnormal cultivation
Many Lings' bodyguards saw both of them salute respectfully on the way.
Old light should a, not anxious not slow to Ling home behind the mountain.
When the two walked away, the guards began to talk about it secretly.
"See? It's master Ling Xiao who is beside elder Taishang.".
"Is he the Lingxiao young master who has been deprived of meridians and rebuilt? I didn't expect that he was so lucky to be appreciated by the elder.
"Don't look down on master Ling Xiao. Although he is only a low-level Xuanye, he has defeated the high-level Xuanye's master Ling Xing in the family test.".
"It's true or false. It's impossible that the lower level can defeat the higher level.".
"Well, if you don't believe me, you can ask around. Who doesn't know about it?".
...
Ling Xiao and elder Taishang have been going to the back mountain of Ling's family.
Mo Yue left for a quarter of an hour and came to the back mountain of Ling's home.
"Why do we come to Houshan, old man?" Ling asked with a puzzled smile.
At this time, the elder Taishang finally explained the meaning of "the second change of the five changes of Vajra".
King Kong changed from the fifth to the second to "muscle training".
Ling Xiao no longer talks much, quietly waiting for the arrangement of the elder.
Elder Taishang gave a light drink "come out.".
And then, five different directions
Ling Xiao looks at these people, all of them are full of spirits, and each of them can't see their accomplishments, but his intuition tells him that these people are at least above Xuanshi.
Personally, they all wear uniform martial clothes and salute the elder to say "I have seen the elder".
"The five of them are Xuanshi level masters with different attributes of gold, wood, water, fire and earth. Later, they will attack you with different attributes in turn. Your task is not to resist. You can only resist with the five changes of Vajra. At first half a month, you can take back the pill for healing, and then you can't take back the pill every night I'll send someone to soak you in liquid medicine. If you can't even get through this level, you may end up with crippled limbs. "Elder Taishang put away his past and Xi's smile and said to Ling seriously.
Ling Xiao can't speak after hearing that. He knew that to cultivate the second change, he had to accept the constant attack of hard objects on his body, especially the limbs, tendons and collaterals, and then cut the tendons and reconnected them through the five changes formula of Vajra, so repeatedly, until he reached the state where the tendons were like steel.
"Old man, you can't be so cruel. What if my limbs are really interrupted?" Ling said with a cold smile.
However, he didn't expect that elder Taishang was so severe that he let Xuanshi attack him directly and take turns with different attributes. This kind of cruel training scared everyone's legs to be weak.
"Rest assured
Well, I'll let them start with a less serious attack. First, start with a full blow from the high-level xuanzhe. Later, when you can bear it, then gradually strengthen the attack until you become a small success in the second place, "said the elder Taishang.
"Well, you'll live in the back mountain for cultivation this time, and you'll come out when you're in a small state of cultivation." the elder Taishang threw down a sentence, turned and left directly.
Ling smiled at the back of the elder and said, "it's really an old man without human feelings.".
"Young master, we are going to attack." just after elder Taishang left, a man smiled at Ling.
"The elder said," if you are lazy and don't practice, you don't have to eat that day. "The man said again lightly.
"Don't worry, young master, I'm not ready yet," Ling Xiao quickly stopped.
"Fuck, it's too cruel." Ling laughed and scolded, then took a picture of the Cape behind him and clapped his chest. "Who will come first? I'm not afraid of anyone.".
As soon as Ling Xiaogang finished speaking, one of them came out and said, "young master, I'm metal. I'm here first. I'm offended.".
That person says, double fists at the same time brandish two golden light toward Ling smile double arm boom past.
"Boom".
After hearing this, Ling Xiao's heart calmed down a little. He has refined into the first "refining skin", which can withstand the attack of the high-level xuanzhe.
Ling Xiao was shocked by the light.
"Wow"
"Young master, just now it's just the power of the middle level xuanzhe's strike, and then it's the power of the high level xuanzhe's strike. Young master is optimistic about it," said the metal warrior just now.
"Eh, it's OK." Ling laughs and looks at his arms and finds that it's OK. He is shocked.
Next, there are two golden mansions, which are more vigorous than before.
Boom
"Ah, it's killing me!" This time Ling smiled and cried with pain. His clothes were shattered and his arms were bruised.
The first layer of skin refining, although it can withstand the full blow of the high-level mystic, is not completely nothing after blocking. There will be some basic swelling and pain.
Then, the metal warrior took Ling Xiao as a sandbag, controlled his strength to the power of the high-level xuanzhe, and kept pounding at Ling Xiao.
At first, Ling laughs and screams, just like the criminal who is being punished, and lets him fight. Later, he uses the five changes formula of King Kong to resist the pain, which gradually reduces a lot. Moreover, he finds that after being hit, Xuanli's operation speed is also accelerated by one point.
One day, Lingxiao's body was bruised, his limbs were red and swollen, and even exuded a lot of blood, which was very frightening.
In the evening, Bai Yuxi brings a basket to Ling Xiao
Here comes the rice.
She looked at Ling's smile, and her heart was filled with unspeakable pain.
"Young master, how hurt you are!" Bai Yuxi caresses Ling Xiao's wound and says with heartache, but he shrinks his wrists when he thinks of his identity.
Lingxiao takes the opportunity to hold her slender hand, which makes Lingxiao feel delicate and smooth.
"Young master" white rain Xi light shout, that pretty face low down, a touch of blush spread to the ear.
"Yuxi, come to feed the young master, I can't move my hands," Ling said with a smile.
Ling smiled at her delicate face, her obedient and lovely appearance, and a warm feeling spread all over her body.
"Well" Bai Yuxi nodded slightly lost, then picked up the meal and fed Ling Xiao.
Bai Yuxi perceives Ling Xiaoxiao is staring at her. She is suddenly nervous. Her whole heart has long been on Ling Xiao. Now it is the first time to serve Ling Xiao intimately. Her heart is beating fast and fast.
After using the meal, two waiters immediately brought a large bucket of hot water, which had already been soaked with various precious herbs.
"Young master, it's time to bathe. The old master said that you should wash this kind of potion every day, so as to help your body practice." Bai Yuxi remembers the order of the elder, and now tells Ling Xiao.
Ling smiled and nodded. He stood up. It's a pity
Smelling the faint fragrance of being a virgin, Ling Xiao was a bit of an ape. He scolded secretly in his heart. There was no break in being a man of both worlds, which was too cowardly.
A soft foot, the whole person almost fell, fortunately, the side of the white rain Xi in time to help.
"Young master, I I'll bathe and change for you, "said Bai Yuxi, a little nervous. In the past, Lingxiao bathed herself. Today, Lingxiao's limbs are inconvenient. She is ready to serve the young master all the way.
Bai Yuxi holds Ling and laughs to the wooden barrel. He sees that the water inside is still bubbling and steaming.
"Well, I'll do it myself." Lingxiao was still not used to being seen by others and said with embarrassment.
However, this time, Bai Yuxi did not leave as cleverly as before, but looked at Ling with some grievances, and there was a light mist in her beautiful eyes.
"Yuxi, what's the matter with you?" Ling Xiao asked in some confusion.
"Young master, do you hate me very much?" Bai Yuxi has a pitiful way of speaking.
"How can I hurt you too late? How can I hate you?".
"Then why don't you use me to serve you? Other masters and young masters will let the maid serve you, bathe and change clothes, and help And warm the bed, but But you never let me do these things, don't you hate me.
Ling smiled and raised his red and swollen hand. He shaved off Qiong's nose and said, "silly girl
Are you really willing to do these things for the young master? Those maids are forced to die. I don't want to do this to you. Don't forget that you are still my dry sister. ".
It's not the first time Ling Xiao has seen a girl's body. In the past, he also peeped into the baths of his elder martial sisters and younger martial sisters. But when he really appeared in front of his eyes, his blood immediately burst out, and his lower body almost instantly set up a small tent, and his throat rolled unconsciously.
"Young master, I can do anything for you. I'm willing to do it." after that, Bai Yuxi has untied the light yarn and satin on his body. A charming and elegant body like a snake, concave and convex, smooth and smooth appears in front of Ling Xiao's eyes.
"Young master, let me serve you to bathe and change clothes, will you?" White rain Xi Jiao's face is as red as a flower. Her hands help Ling smile to remove her martial clothes.
[first 520 novels]
Time, the cave filled with ripples ambiguous atmosphere.
Chapter 036 young master, you want me!
Ling Xiao falls into the big barrel. [first 520 novels]
"Hey!" Ling Xiao can't help but take a breath of air-conditioning. The water is too hot, even the skin can be scalded off a layer. Fortunately, he has made the first change. The skin and meat become very hard, or they will jump out of the barrel.
Ling Xiao began to calm down, reciting the five changes of Vajra in his heart, and began to absorb the medicine in the barrel.
At first, the absorption rate was not very fast, but Ling Xiao could still clearly feel that his red and swollen skin was slowly fading, those tattered wounds were healing at the speed of the naked eye, and all cells became active, scrambling for absorption. Gradually, Ling Xiao entered the state of forgetting both things and me. The absorption speed gradually became faster. The liquid medicine in the barrel became whirlpool, and the center of Ling Xiao slowly rotated. This state seemed very magical.
One side of the white rain Xi Zhang big cherry small mouth dare not make any sound, afraid to disturb Ling smile, she retreated to one side began to cultivate the water moon magic.
Now she is a level 4 warrior. It took more than a month to become a level 4 warrior from an ordinary person without any foundation. This is inseparable from Lingxiao's water moon skill. Originally, her meridians were all intact, and her talent was not that kind of inferior person. Naturally, her cultivation was like divine help, so that she could practice in time
Lingxiao didn't expect that the five changes of Vajra is not only a strengthening skill from an alien family, but also a powerful skill that can absorb medicine quickly. He really can't figure out where the elder Taishang came from. If he practices like this, will he find all kinds of high-level spiritual herbs to absorb them in the future to make his body reach the state of "no sword, no iron, no five elements"?
It is not a problem for Japan to break through the xuanzhe stage.
Ling Xiao doesn't have time to think about these problems for the time being. The absorption speed is faster and faster, and the three-dimensional energy returns to the original energy automatically. He absorbs part of the medicinal power and tastes his viscera and strengthens his body's muscle energy.
The magic of "three points return to vitality" makes Ling smile. No wonder that the hegemonic can dominate the Wulin with "three points return to vitality". It really has its own way.
After an hour, the bucket of black medicine became clear. Obviously, the medicine in the water was absorbed by Ling Xiao.
If elder Taishang was here, he would be shocked out of his chin. It took him nearly midnight to absorb so much medicine, but Ling Xiao only spent one hour. The absorption speed is really amazing!
"Shuang!" Ling Xiao opened his eyes, and two sharp eyes burst out. He couldn't help whining. He bounced out of the barrel, and his whole body rotated in the mid air before falling to the ground.
"How are you, young master?" Bai Yuxi immediately woke up from meditation and said happily.
Ling smiled at Bai Yuxi, just wanted to talk, and his face was red and transparent, just like a big girl. He was very ashamed. Now he remembered that he was all naked.
"Boom"!
Time, Ling smile in addition to the lower body straight as a gun, his brain suddenly a blank,.
Although he had kept dreaming of taking possession of Bai Yuxi, he was like a peerless expert who turned into an ordinary man without the power of a chicken. He didn't know how to do it.
Bai Yuxi buries her delicate cheek in Ling Xiao's chest, and hugs Ling Xiao's tiger waist tightly with her tender hands. She is a girl who has not been involved in human affairs and doesn't know how to please men.
Ling smiled and replied to a trace of Qingming. He asked quietly, "do you really regret the rain?". Ling Xiao's breathing became rapid, and her eyes gradually emerged greedy and possessive.
"Young master, since the moment you saved me, Yuxi has made up his mind to be your only woman for the rest of his life. Young master, please ask me, and Yuxi will never regret it." baiyuxi said in a very firm tone.
"
Bai Yuxi has seen Ling Xiao's body when he dipped it in the potion. Now he looks at Ling Xiao's majestic body again. He is not as shy as before, but his face is a little ruddy. When he comes to Ling Xiao, he boldly hugs Ling Xiao's tiger waist and whispers, "young master, you want me!".
Well, I will help you. From now on, you will be the woman of Lingxiao. "Lingxiao's heart erupted completely. After saying a word, she hugged Bai Yuxi rudely, pressed her thick lips heavily on her delicate lips, and pulled her clothes away rudely with one hand.
"Hey!" A shrill tearing of the cloth sounded.
The beauty is in the bosom, the delicate face is like flowers, the skin is round like jade, the breath is like orchid, the lure, the confusion is extremely moving.
Such beautiful scenery on such a fine day, such delicate flowers as you can pick, and no longer respond as you should, you will surely be sent.
Lingxiao didn't want to be sent by heaven. He finally did what any man would do.
"Ah!".
With a delicate sound, there is a moving spring song interwoven in the cave.
Above the sky, the full moon slipped into the black clouds, as if unwilling to see this shameful scene.
The East is getting white, and a ray of sunlight illuminates the earth.
Ling Xiao has already been suffering from the torture of qiku outside the cave.
...
Last night, after absorbing all kinds of precious medicinal herbs, Lingxiao's body has recovered again, and has broken the ban of two generations, becoming a real man. This spirit is particularly exuberant.
Today, Lingxiao is attacked by martial artists with wood attributes. There are many thorny rattan edges beating on Lingxiao's body. The blood marks are terrible.
Wood property and metal pain
The pain is not the same. The metal attack comes simply and makes people scream, while the wood attack is soft with hard. The pain of decay slowly stretches around the nerves. The pain just makes you survive and die.
Today's attack strength has been five levels of that of a low-level Xuanshi. Ling Xiao constantly uses the five changes formula of King Kong to resist, but he still feels that the green tendons of his hands and feet seem to be torn. When he can't support it, he just reluctantly swallows a return to Lu Dan.
"Come on, I'm the immortal Xiaoqiang." after taking back the dew pill, Ling Xiao cheered up again and said, "it's frightening. It's like the immortal god of war. It's like the wound of a snake.
Even the wood warrior who was responsible for attacking Ling Xiao was shocked.
"What a terrible fighting spirit" in the side of the other four fighters are in the heart exclaimed.
"Popping"
"Not enough, come again!" After another round of crazy smoking, Ling Xiao seemed to have adapted to the intensity and shouted at the attacker.
It's the first time that the martial artist of that wood attribute torments people so much. It's the first time that he saw such a person who can withstand beating. Suddenly, his eggs are full of strength to attack Lingxiao. His attack power has used 80% of the low-level Xuanshi's skill. If you change to a normal Xuanshi's hard joint, you will have to break your hands and legs.
Ling Xiao is no exception. His hands and feet are beginning to deform. The whole person is about to pick it up. There is only one indomitable will to carry it.
Finally, before he fell, the sun couldn't bear to end up quietly in the earth.
"At last another day passed." Ling fell down with a confused smile, and still had a winning smile on her face.
Bai Yuxi has come to deliver the meal again. Seeing Ling Xiao tortured to be an adult, the whole heart aches in blood. Last night, she was the young master's person. The whole heart was hung on Ling Xiao's body. Looking at Ling Xiao's wound, she felt like a knife.
However, she knew that Ling Xiao was receiving the most severe training and could only bite her teeth and pray that "the young master will be able to bear it".
She put Ling Xiao in the barrel, and let Ling Xiao absorb the medicine to cure the wound again.
Outside the cave, the five warriors with different attributes are talking with fear.
"What kind of mysterious skill that elder Taishang asked master Ling Xiao to practice? It's so unforgettable.".
"You ask me, I ask who to go. Only the elder, the elder, knows. Young master Ling Xiao is the successor of the elder. Naturally, he is more severe.".
"But it's too deadly. You see, master Ling Xiao's hands and feet are broken. We can't stand it. Besides, master Ling Xiao is only a middle-level mysterious person. I don't know if he can continue training tomorrow.".
"I think it's hard for iron men to get up.".
...
The next day, Ling Xiao appeared in front of several sparring martial artists alive and scared them out of their faces
Believe it is true.
They finally understood how evil master Ling Xiao was. He was beaten half dead and could stand up like an immortal. It was so powerful that he was the successor disciple favored by the elder.
This is the day when the water warrior destroys Ling Xiao. The attack of water warrior is much milder than that of the other four attributes, so he is going to attack with all his strength.
Ling Xiao grits her teeth again and insists on carrying it for a day. At last, she can still stand.
Another day, the fourth day to fire attack.
Fire attribute and metal attack are both famous for their hardness and ferocity. The taste of fire baking makes Ling laugh and scream, and her arms, which are as delicate as women, are almost scorched. This day, Ling Xiao even took two back to the top of the Ludan.
On the fifth day, it was the attack of the local warriors.
So repeatedly, Ling laughed for half a month.
That night, Lingxiao just came back from the abuse and jumped into the barrel. Within ten minutes, all the drugs in the barrel were absorbed.
However, I found that my muscles and collaterals were not as complete as before.
It's only half a month. He's finished taking it. He can't take it again. Now, even this potion can't recover his body. What can I do.
"Fuck, don't play with me like this," Ling said with a smile and a shrug.
Lingxiao also knows that this is not the reason for the lack of potions, but in addition to the five changes of Vajra formula, the three points of guiyuanqi also absorbed a certain proportion of the medicine, which led to the lack of medicine. Naturally, there is no way to restore the damaged tendons and collaterals.
It happened that Bai Yuxi didn't come here to deliver the rice today, but another waiter. Ling Xiao was really called "every day is not working" and "the earth is not due".
"It can only be repaired by herself." Lingxiao knew that she could not rely on other things this time. She restrained her mind and began to run the second change of the "five changes of Vajra" formula, and began to use her own Xuanli to slowly dredge and moisten the tendons.
At the beginning, the process was very slow, but the effect was obvious, and the muscles and collaterals gradually became aware. Lingxiao can't help sighing that this Vajra five change formula is really extraordinary. As long as there is enough Xuanli in the future, the speed of recovery is definitely much faster than now. He can't help feeling that this should not be called Vajra five change formula, but the rebirth formula is better.
However, when Ling Xiao thought he was very satisfied, the three points of guiyuanqi also began to work out, and Dantian divided another Xuanli to repair the tendons and collaterals in different directions.
"It seems that three points of guiyuanqi also has repair function, which is too powerful." Lingxiao sighed again, and then began to concentrate.
Ling Xiao enters the realm of two things I look at, and her body is slowly recovering. If Ling Xiao could look inside, he would be surprised to find that his muscles and collaterals were several times stronger than before.
Meditated all night
Just as he was about to have a good laugh, he heard a news that made him furious.
Ling Xiao finally recovered.
A raging rage made him lose his mind and become bloodthirsty Warcraft. It's 1 o'clock, and finally there are 5 more collections. Although it's difficult to give birth, I still say thank you to the collection brothers. Now I promise to add a little more support to the book's relatives. You need to cheer for purity more~~~
[first 520 novels]
Chapter 037 Yuxi's accident
Here is the first thing to be grateful, the 1985900201 of the reward and the flowers of morning morning. Today, we will add more to you. Please give us more support for purity. Purity needs more energy, so that we can better code out the text.
Bai Yuxi has been in a good mood since she became Lingxiao's woman. She finally becomes the young master's woman. She doesn't know how happy she is!
Since the young master saved her from Li Guangyin, she has made up her mind to follow him all her life. [initial 520 novels] because there are too few people willing to fight for common women these days, and they don't ask for return after saving people. This kind of person is really worth following. Later, she came to Ling's house and contacted the young master every day, only to find that the young master is very different from all the family young masters.
He was always polite to her. He never treated her as a handmaid, but more as a relative. He spoke with humor and demeanor. He was willing to hurt her. When he was free, he taught her metaphysical skills and made her a respected warrior.
How touched she was by all these things, which she had never dreamed of for a maid who had already committed herself to be a slave.
Except for giving her body to the young master
Besides, she didn't know how to repay the young master's kindness. At the same time, she was deeply in love with the young master. She didn't expect that the young master would marry her honestly. As long as there was a little bit of her position in the young master's center, she would be satisfied.
Every day, she went to deliver food to the young master. She knew that all the young master's martial clothes had been destroyed. Looking at her heartache, she thought that she didn't do anything for the young master. So she wanted to go to the market today and buy some superior cloth to make some clothes for the young master. In fact, she can ask the tailor's shop to do it, but it doesn't reflect her mind, so she plans to make clothes for the young master herself. She used to make clothes for herself and her mother at home.
When he arrived at the cloth shop, Bai Yuxi chose several pieces of superior cloth. When he checked out, he accidentally collided with people.
"Ah, you've blinded your dog, you dare to bump into this girl." Bai Yuxi gently bumped the man with a cloth, and the man immediately pulled out Sangzi and scolded him.
Bai Yuxi was kind-hearted and felt that he had made a mistake. He apologized to the woman immediately and said, "I'm sorry, miss. I didn't mean it.".
"Is it OK to say sorry? Do you know who this girl is, and you are such a bitch? " That woman looks good, but compared with Bai Yuxi, she is far away. Seeing that Bai Yuxi is so beautiful, her anger is even greater, she immediately swings her arm to Bai Yuxi's face.
"Pat!" A strong slap hit Bai Yuxi
Charming face.
More than that, the woman was so powerful that she didn't forgive others and kicked her foot in Bai Yuxi's stomach.
"Ah!" White rain Xi a exclamation, the cloth in the hand immediately scattered on the ground, oneself also fell on the ground. She used to be a level 4 warrior, but she didn't have the strength to fight back in the face of this woman. One reason is that she didn't expect that the other side would suddenly hit her. The other reason is that the other side is stronger than her.
"Hum, you bitch, don't let me see you again, or I'll fight once." the woman still scolded angrily. She was very jealous that Bai Yuxi was more beautiful than her.
"Forget Miss Qing, she didn't mean to. Please calm down. I have superior cloth here. Come and have a look." the shopkeeper sympathizes with Bai Yuxi and immediately respectfully says to the woman.
"Qingmei, who made you angry?" A magnetic greeting came from the door.
In came a good-looking young man. He was about twenty-five years old. He was dressed in a long blue shirt and held a white fan, showing his true style.
His name is LAN kuangsheng. He is a young generation expert next to the blue family of the three major families in meteorite city. He just broke through the xuanshijie stage a few days ago.
Li Qingqing, a 22-year-old son of the younger generation of Li family, is the woman who cherishes the rough feelings towards Bai Yu.
Now LAN kuangsheng is chasing Li Qingqing, mainly because the LAN family hopes to get closer to the Li family through marriage
"Oh, it's this smelly framed son that hurt me," said Li Qingqing, pointing to Bai Yuxi, who was picking up the cloth on the ground.
Distance, form the relationship of allies, and prepare for entering into the ranks of large families in the future.
In fact, just now Bai Yuxi only touched her gently with the cloth. Even ordinary people would not feel the pain. As a middle-level mysterious person, she said that she was hurt by the collision. This is clearly an excuse.
LAN Kuang Sheng looks at Bai Yuxi and suddenly sees the light in front of her eyes. She is surprised and praises "a beautiful woman".
Li Qingqing just catches LAN Kuang Sheng and looks at Bai Yuxi. Suddenly, he is even more angry. He immediately transfers his anger to Bai Yuxi. He goes to Bai Yuxi and gets another "don't roll yet".
Bai Yuxi is extremely aggrieved. She didn't expect that she would suffer from this crime when she went out to buy something. She is kind-hearted in nature. She has to endure the pain of her stomach and the tears of her grievance. She wants to run out of the cloth shop holding the cloth.
However, before she ran out, Li Qingqing grabbed her hair again.
"Ah, I've apologized. What else do you want to do?" Bai Yuxi exclaimed.
Li Qingqing raised his hand and slapped Bai Yuxi's face continuously.
"Crack... Crack... " The sound is harsh.
Poor Bai Yuxi, there are several red fingerprints on her face, and blood appears on the corners of her mouth,
At this time, a maid of Ling's family who came out with Bai Yuxi broke in from the outside and pointed to Li Qingqing and said, "why do you hit people?".
He looks very embarrassed.
This maid is a servant assigned by the Ling family to the Ling Xiao family. She is nineteen years old and her name is Xiaomei. She just went out shopping with Bai Yuxi. She didn't expect that Bai Yuxi was beaten like this just after she was separated from Bai Yuxi for a while.
She knows Bai Yuxi's position in Lingxiao's family, and master Lingxiao loves her very much. If master Lingxiao knows that Bai Yuxi has been beaten up like this, she will not be blamed.
"Another humble maid" Li Qingqing had a bad character. When someone dared to run into her, he immediately pointed to Xiaomei and scolded her. Then he said to LAN Kuang, "brother Sheng, please help me teach her a lesson.".
Blue crazy health nodded, eyes flashed a trace of fierce awn, white fan toward Xiaomei a wave of "pa!".
Xiaomei is just an ordinary person, without any force. She was born with such a fan by LAN Kuang. Her whole body was knocked out of the door and passed out directly.
"Xiaomei!" Bai Yuxi exclaimed, and then she stared at Li Qingqing and LAN Kuang Sheng and said, "you've done enough fighting, we're Ling's people.".
Bai Yuxi didn't want to carry out the name of Ling's family, but they are only maids. But now they are almost killed by others. They don't resist anymore. Are they waiting for humiliation and death?
No, she will go back to see the young master. She will go back to do it for the young master
Clothes, she is not willing to be trampled to death by others.
"Ling family?" Li Qingqing was shocked,
LAN kuangsheng and the shopkeeper's face changed. Ling's family is the largest family in meteorite City, but they can't afford it.
"Younger sister Qing, I think it's over," said LAN Kuang, who was guilty and couldn't help persuading Li Qingqing.
Li Qingqing doesn't have a good way of saying, "what about the Ling family? You are just a cheap maid. Even if I drag you all to sell to the Ling family, I won't make a start for you. Besides, will our Li family be afraid of the Ling family?".
Are Li's afraid of Ling's? The answer is yes. The Ling family is a big family that has developed for nearly a thousand years. Its foundation is much deeper than that of the Li and Luo families. Besides, the elder of the Ling family is so famous that they can't afford to offend the Li family for the time being.
However, Li Qingqing is not willing to let go of this maid. When he thinks of the low status of the other party, I believe that the Ling family will not fight with their Li family for a maid.
Thinking of this place, Li Qingqing is full of energy, and at the same time, he thinks of an excellent way to express his anger.
She is going to sell this cheap maid, who is more beautiful than her, so that she can become a mounting for thousands of people.
It's undeniable that once a woman is jealous, it's very cruel!
LAN Kuang Sheng can't help but feel pity for this beautiful maid. He hasn't enjoyed using it yet.
Bai Yuxi was forcibly taken away by Li Qingqing.
Half an hour later, Xiaomei's hair woke up.
"Where are you, Yuxi?" As soon as Xiaomei wakes up, she immediately wants to find Bai Yuxi.
The good shopkeeper said to Xiaomei, "she has been taken away by Miss Li.".
Hearing this, Xiaomei's face suddenly turned pale. After a pause, she immediately ran back to Ling's house. She must tell the young master the news.
...
Zuixiang tower, one of the Li family's industries, is a famous brothel in meteorite city.
There are many mercenaries and adventurers who are rich and few, who often live and die and lick knives. They all enjoy this kind of life.
Li Qingqing knocks Bai Yuxi out and takes her to zuixiang building. Then she gives it to the old lady here and tells the old lady again. Then she goes to the theatre upstairs.
Li Qingqing took a look at LAN Kuang Sheng and said, "don't you hate that stinky framed son?".
Lankuangsheng immediately explained, "how can she be? She is not one thousandth as beautiful as Qingmei. No, she is one thousandth as beautiful.".
"Calculate your understanding" Li Qingqing lightly hums a sentence, in the mind incomparably receives uses.
The hall of zuixiang building is full of people.
Bai Yuxi was awakened by the cold water. She looked up and found that she had been put into an iron cage, surrounded by all the same men, young
Chapter 038 whoever dares to move her will die!
Here comes the gagen! Thanks again for supporting the pure relatives! We need to add more kisses, and give them more strength. Please give the pure and stronger code power ~ ~ ~ thank you~~~
Ling Xiao just can use the five changes formula of Vajra to recover his body, of course, the three points of vitality also has an inseparable relationship. [the first 520 novels in writing] if you let elder Taishang know that Lingxiao practised his own meridians last night, he would be shocked, because this is the sign of the second change of "muscle training".
At that time, the elder Taishang suffered a lot. It took nearly a year for him to practice the second change "tendon training" to a minimum, while Ling Xiao spent only half a month, which was a terrible speed.
Lingxiao just came out of the cave. After half a month's crazy training, his clothes are rotten like beggars, but these still can't cover up his great body. His handsome face is angular, and his eyes are bright and clear.
Just as Ling Xiao was about to start training, Xiao Mei came panting.
Before she ran near, she was stopped by one of the martial artists. In the daytime, except for Bai Yuxi, who can come to see Ling Xiao, no one else is allowed to disturb Ling Xiao. This is the order of the elder Taishang.
"Less... Help me, young master! " Xiaomei is stopped, but she tries her best to smile at Ling
Middle aged, old They all stared at her with their squinting eyes.
However, even if she broke her throat, no one paid attention to her, only a piece of obscene laughter reverberated.
She didn't know where she was, but she knew that she was in a very bad situation and cried out, "let me out Let me out... ".
At this time, the old lady came out slowly from behind.
"Everyone, you guys, this is the best thing we have in zuixiang building recently. Today, whoever offers the highest price will own it today. There is only one chance. Don't miss the chance. The starting price is 50 gold coins." the old lady shouted to the men upstairs and downstairs with a smile.
As soon as her voice fell, a rich businessman called for "I will give you fifty gold coins".
"This girl is not bad. I'll give 55 gold coins." the rich merchant just dropped his words, and another bid.
"I'm sixty.".
"I am eighty.".
...
The price keeps rising, and the atmosphere of the scene is full of Gao.
In the cage of the white rain Xi, heart covered with a layer of cool feeling, she finally know where she is.
[first 520 novels]
Call the way.
"What happened to Xiaomei?" Ling asked with a smile.
Xiaomei gasped heavily, and continued, "rain Rain cherishes her She's not well... ".
Ling smiled and heard that Bai Yuxi had an accident. The whole person was cold. He immediately grabbed Xiaomei's shoulders and asked, "what's the matter with her?".
Bai Yuxi is the only woman in his life who has ever had a relationship. Its importance is self-evident.
Ling smiled and looked back. At one glance, he recognized that it was his maid and hurried to go there.
Xiaomei is frightened by Lingxiao's cold momentum, which makes her speechless.
One side of the martial arts to stop Ling Xiao's excitement said, "young master, don't shake her, she can't breathe.".
Ling Xiao realized that she had overstepped her strength. She couldn't help but let go of Xiaomei's shoulders and crossed a little Xuanli to her. She said slowly.
Xiaomei calms down, and then tells about what happened in the cloth shop just now.
"You said Yuxi was taken away?" Ling smiled and twisted his eyebrows into a "Sichuan" shape, and a cold murderous spirit rose.
Xiaomei nodded heavily. She knew that the young master must be angry this time.
"Bastard" Ling laughs and scolds, runs straight back to home, where still manages what training, saves the rain to cherish, is more important than anything.
Ling Xiao
Anxious, I went back to my room and took the blue crystal sword and a silver broadsword.
This Sabre is also a second level medium level weapon, Silver Ghost blood sabre, which was collected from the elder Taishang.
The sword is tied behind her. Lingxiao doesn't even change her clothes. She rushes to the cloth shop Xiaomei said.
Tiger six and tiger seven always pay attention to Ling Xiao's movements. They chase after him just when he appears. They are very confused about "Why are you so anxious, young master?". However, although the two of them are middle-level Xuanshi, compared with Lingxiao, who is trying his best to open up the "shadow of the cloud", they are still a little behind. After a long run, Lingxiao is suddenly invisible.
They were shocked. They had seen Lingxiao's strength, but they didn't expect Lingxiao's speed to be so terrible. Maybe only high-level Xuanshi can match it.
They didn't have time to try to catch up with Lingxiao immediately. In case of any accident, they couldn't bear the responsibility.
Ling Xiao comes to the cloth shop. The shopkeeper is recommending cloth to some ladies.
Ling Xiaochuang came in and, without saying anything, looked directly at the shopkeeper's collar and asked, "where's the man who just arrested you?".
The shopkeeper was stunned when he was asked. Looking at Ling Xiao's ragged body, he was about to get angry. But seeing Ling Xiao's eyes and two cold weapons behind him, he swallowed his words and said timidly, "I don't know what you are talking about, little man can't understand.".
"Was there a girl who was beaten just now? "Answer me honestly, or I will kill you," Ling asked with a deep shade.
"Where did you take it?".
This time, the shopkeeper woke up and said, "yes Yes, it was taken away by Miss Li.
"Listen... Listen to her It's going to be sent to zuixiang building for sale.
"Bastard" Ling Xiao was full of murderous spirit. He scolded and grabbed the shopkeeper's swing. The poor shopkeeper was thrown to pieces.
At this moment, zuixiang building has gradually entered today's most Gao tide. The bidding price has come from 50 gold coins to 280 gold coins.
The one who just called for the price was a free adventurer. He was a tall and mysterious man with strong strength. He looked very rough. His arms were green and sinewy like a snake. When he made a noise, he shut up many people.
Just after the sound fell, there was an uproar in the drunken fragrance building.
Who is this man? From 280 gold coins to 350 gold coins, he dared to compete with the high-ranking xuanzhe openly. He was impatient.
The high-level mysterious man looked at the man who was competing with his price displeased. For a while, the look that he was going to be angry was like ice. When he met fire, he was suddenly separated and turned into a kind smile. He arched his hand to the man on the second floor and said, "it's Mr. Murong, I'm here
Just when they thought that no one would raise the price, a soft voice sounded "350 gold coins".
